Headline:
 Ben Shapiro Tells Brian Williams: ‘The Identity Politics Era May Be Coming To A Close’ 

Article Text:
 The Daily Wire host said Hispanic voters didn't show up for Kamala Harris as predicted.
Daily Wire Editor Emeritus Ben Shapiro joined Brian Williams for his election night coverage on Amazon Prime Live to discuss early results and what they meant.
“I think that what you’re seeing is a breakdown of much of the identity politics that the Democratic Party has relied upon for voter turnout for several election cycles at this point. They were counting on a very heavy break in the Hispanic vote in favor of Kamala Harris. That doesn’t seem to be materializing,” Shapiro said.
“The shift in the Hispanic community toward President Trump – toward Republicans more broadly – is quite real,” he continued, mentioning that some of the exit polls indicate that Trump could capture 45% of the Hispanic vote. He said black male voters are also showing up for Trump.
The Daily Wire co-founder mentioned that the Republican nominee appeals to these demographics because he doesn’t pander to them like the Democrats do.
“I think that has something to do with, no matter what else you think of President Trump, he tends to make the same appeal to pretty much everybody. He really doesn’t try to break people down by ethnic group in sort of the same way the Democrats traditionally have, making a separate campaign for White Dudes for Harris.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
“The identity politics era may be coming to a close – we can all hope that’s the case,” Shapiro added.
Williams and Shapiro also discussed Florida’s “huge movement to the Right” since coming under the leadership of Governor Ron DeSantis despite it being a bellwether state less than a decade ago. Shapiro said he was not surprised when his home state was called for Trump.
The pair also discussed whether October 7 factored into early voting results, with Shapiro saying it was too soon to tell with so many states up in the air.
Williams was a former news anchor on NBC before joining the journalists at MSNBC as the host of their political news show, “The 11th Hour.” He announced in October that he’d be hosting election night coverage on Amazon.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
