Headline:
 President Biden Won’t Attend Kamala’s Election Night Watch Party 

Article Text:
 The president will watch the election results less than two miles away.
President Joe Biden will not attend the election night watch party of his vice president and current Democrat nominee, Kamala Harris.
Biden will be watching the results just two miles away, in what appears to be the latest snub between the president and Harris.
“Tonight, the president and First Lady will watch election results in the White House residence with longtime aides and senior White House staff,” a White House official told the Washington Examiner. “The president will receive regular updates on the state of races across the country.”
Harris’ election night watch party is being held at her alma mater, Howard University, which is located in Washington, D.C., less than two miles from the White House.
Throughout Harris’ brief presidential campaign, Biden has appeared to subtly undermine the woman he previously picked to be his running mate, The Daily Wire reported.
During the only presidential debate between Donald Trump and Harris, the former Republican president insisted that Biden “hates” Harris, a line he would repeat at his rallies following the debate.
“He’s angry at her and he hates her. He can’t take much more. It was an overthrow,” Trump said, referring to Biden being replaced by Harris as the Democrat presidential nominee. “He can’t stand her,” Trump continued. “He got 14 million votes. They threw him out. She got zero votes.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
And Biden’s actions seem to suggest Trump may be right.
In October, Biden put on a “Trump 2024” baseball cap in a room full of Trump supporters after saying he wasn’t “going that far.” It was never clear whether Biden put on the hat because he was not aware of what it said – a nod to his declining faculties that caused him to drop out of the election – or whether it was a dig at Harris.
Biden also joined a White House press briefing – something he doesn’t usually do – just when Harris stepped on the stage in Michigan for a rally, The Daily Wire reported. During that press briefing, Biden made sure everyone knew that he and Harris were tied together when it came to the disastrous decisions made by their administration.
“I’m in constant contact with her,” Biden said, before saying he and Harris are “singing from the same song sheet. She helped pass all the laws that are being employed now.”
“She was a major player in everything we’ve done, including passage of legislation, which we were told we could never pass,” Biden added. “Her staff is interlocked with mine in terms of all the things we’re doing.”
Biden did the same thing a few days later while Harris was appearing on “The View.”
Then, following the devastating hurricane in the southeast, Harris attempted to slam Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis, a Republican, for not taking her calls, even though the vice president has no role in disaster relief. Shortly after, Biden posted a photo of himself on the phone and said he was in contact with DeSantis, undermining Harris’ attempt to make herself look presidential.
“Tonight, I spoke with Florida Governor DeSantis and Tampa Mayor Castor for firsthand reports on Hurricane Helene recovery and preparations for Hurricane Milton,” Biden said on X. “My Administration is ready to support both leaders and the people of Florida with any further resources they may need.”
Biden’s ultimate setback for Harris came last week, when he called Trump’s supporters “garbage” during a campaign call, The Daily Wire reported.
“The only garbage I see floating out there is his supporters,” Biden said. “His demonization of Latinos is unconscionable, and it’s un-American. It’s totally contrary to everything we’ve done, everything we’ve been.”
Biden also has been kept away from campaigning for Harris, and now it has all culminated in him staying away from her election night watch party.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
