Headline:
 ‘Vote To Keep God In America’: Harrison Butker Drops Pro-Trump Ad On Election Day 

Article Text:
 "Kamala Harris has repeatedly rebuked Christians, undermining the values that built our great nation."
Super Bowl-winning Kansas City Chiefs kicker Harrison Butker dropped a new ad called “Protect Your Faith. Vote Trump” on Election Day, calling for Christians to “vote to keep God in America.”
“Christians! Head to the polls today,” Butker’s X post on Tuesday promoting the ad read. “Vote to keep God in America. Vote President Trump.”
The nearly two-minute long video from Butker’s Upright political action committee warns that “faith is under attack” from “Kamala Harris and the radical Democrats.”
“Kamala Harris has repeatedly rebuked Christians, undermining the values that built our great nation,” the ad said. “They say our beliefs don’t belong in public life. They [liberals] mock and dismiss those of us who find strength in faith.”
Christians! Head to the polls today.
Vote to keep God in America.
Vote President Trump. pic.twitter.com/dSc4RbaghJ
— Harrison Butker (@buttkicker7) November 5, 2024
The ad then pointed out that things can change with Donald Trump as president, reminding viewers he “has stood up for religious freedom, the right to worship and the right to live our religious faith without fear.”
“This November, vote to protect your faith,” the ad concluded. “Vote to keep God in America. President Trump standing with Christians. Standing with America.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
Earlier this month, Butker announced that he was throwing his support behind the former president. Speaking on Fox News’ “The Ingraham Angle,” Butker said he was endorsing “the most pro-life president … Donald Trump.”
“The [pro-life] topic is the most crucial topic for me,” Butker said.
“I want us to be fighting for the most vulnerable, fighting for the unborn, and that’s what we should prioritize,” he added. “I think you have to vote for whoever is gonna be the most pro-life and we have to be prayerful men that put God first. I think that’s what’s going to be best for our country.”
The NFL kicker made headlines earlier this year after he gave a commencement address at Benedictine College, a Catholic university in Kansas, in which he praised his wife for being a “homemaker,” called out President Joe Biden’s support for abortion, and criticized Pride Month.

Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
