Headline:
 Why Maye Musk Thinks You Should Vote For Trump 

Article Text:
 Elon's mom spoke to The Daily Wire about the election, the future, and why she left the Democratic Party
Last Saturday, Maye Musk made a plan.
The plan was to join a 10-minute “Space” hosted by Mario Nawfal on X to discuss the importance of voting with other women who, like Maye herself, felt abandoned by the Democratic Party.
But, like so many of Maye Musk’s plans, this one went astray. The audience had so many questions for her that the 10-minute Space went on for two hours.
Maye is used to it. In her 2019 book, “A Woman Makes A Plan,” she describes how she dealt with all the curveballs life threw at her, and how she managed to emerge from these challenges stronger than before.
“There is a saying: ‘At twenty-one you are no longer an orphan,'” Maye writes in her book. “This means, you need to take responsibility for your future life. The harder you work, the easier it is for luck to find you.”
So, why did the 76-year-old model and dietician decide to enter the social media fray this close to the 2024 election? In an exclusive interview with The Daily Wire, Musk opens up about her decision to get involved, and what she thinks is at stake in the election.
In a sense, it all comes back to her son.
The mainstream media, she says, “have been so dishonest about Elon, have attacked him with false ‘facts,’” she said. “Seeing the media lie about my son, I wondered—what else, who else are they lying about?”
About two years ago, Maye began taking to social media to defend her son. It was around that time she started looking into the negative press surrounding another mainstream media boogeyman.
“They have lied about Trump,” she said, noting that he “has chosen a great team and they really are willing and ready to handle all [the challenges] facing them in government bureaucracy. Whole organizations are corrupted right now, in the government, and need to be addressed,” she said. “This team wants what is best for Americans and that, alone, should make you consider voting — and voting for Trump.”
Maye went on to describe what she expected her son to accomplish under a Trump administration.
“I know he will help make the government more efficient, focused on caring for the American people and decreasing expenses,” she said. “You know, we just can’t continue to be in this huge debt, and it’s increasing. Our streets are dirty and full of potholes. There’s homelessness and drug addicts—with illegal immigrants now, our cities aren’t safe.”
But as frightening as American cities have become, Musk said she’s more worried about what will happen if Vice President Kamala Harris wins the election.
“I am more scared of Democrats and their policies,” she said. “Bad people on the street, I can outrun, but you can’t escape bad policies.”
Musk also told The Daily Wire how welcoming she’s found Republicans.
“This has been such a big surprise, you know, because of all that has been said about them,” she said. “But this is a very diverse group, and they’re happy, not pretentious.”
“You know, when I was a Democrat, I thought differently,” about Republicans, she said. “I was wrong—everyone has been so delightful.”
Musk emphasized the need for truth, and recognition when emotions can be manipulated, especially by the media.
“If you are intelligent, then you know you cannot rely on emotions. You must do your research and vote for the future of America. You know, if you are smart, you will do the right thing,” she said.
“In this election, it is clear that to vote for this — for a happy and better future for America — is to vote for Team Trump.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
