Headline:
 ‘You Gave Me A Panic Attack’: Voters React To Trump Leading In New Hampshire Poll For The First Time 

Article Text:
 Several voters said they doubted the poll, conducted by the New Hampshire Journal and Praecones Analytica.
PORTSMOUTH, NH—New Hampshire voters said they were shocked by a new poll that shows former President Donald Trump has surpassed Vice President Kamala Harris in the state for the first time this cycle.
Following the release of the poll, RealClearPolitics’ election forecast reclassified New Hampshire as a toss-up state.
“You just gave me a panic attack, I can’t think,” Alyssa told The Daily Wire. “I guess, yes it does surprise me.”
Donald Trump is up for the first time in a New Hampshire poll, moving the state into toss-up territory.
We sent reporter @KassyAkiva to investigate. Here’s what voters said: pic.twitter.com/axlcnnOjCC
— Daily Wire (@realDailyWire) November 3, 2024

Several voters said they doubted the poll, conducted by the New Hampshire Journal and Praecones Analytica, which showed Trump taking a lead of 50.2 percent to Harris’s 49.8 percent.
“You have got to look at who puts out the polls,” George said. “They are so skewed.”
George added that he thinks Harris will “definitely win” in New Hampshire.
A Republican presidential candidate has not won New Hampshire in a general election since 2000. Hillary Clinton won the state by 0.3 points in 2016 and President Joe Biden won the state by 7.2 points in 2020, according to Newsweek. Most New Hampshire polls show Harris ahead by more than five points.
Matti said she was  not surprised by Trump gaining momentum in the polls, and believes that he has more support in the state now than he did in 2016 or 2020.
“I grew up around here,” Matti said. “More signs, hearing through my peers, people at work, people in town are mostly leaning toward that way which is a good sign.”
Matti added that she believes Trump will win the election.
Cody, a local business owner in Portsmouth, said he isn’t surprised by the polls, and made the case for why the former president has his support.
“Regardless of who you are voting for, look at it this way: Trump is Godzilla,” Cody said. “Everybody hates Godzilla when he is destroying the town, but what happens? He leaves and then a worse monster comes in and starts going absolutely crazy and who does everyone cry for to come back? Godzilla.”
Several of the interviewees said the main issue they care about this election is ensuring access to abortion.
“I care about women’s rights,” Mary said. “You’ve got to have control over your own body.”
Mary said she thinks poll respondents who said they are voting for Trump are listening “to a lot of media that’s just blowing things up and not being truthful” adding that she thinks people need to “read and listen to NPR and really get the news.”
“I’m queer, so I’d really like if I kept my rights and stuff,” Mimi said.
Jack, who was standing by the road with a Kamala Harris, sign listed several reasons why he is voting for Harris.
“Low unemployment, everyone is working, the economy is doing great, and we still have healthcare,” red jacket said. “Obamacare is still in effect, which is wonderful.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
