Headline:
 Kamala HQ Attacked Me For Telling The Truth About Public Education 

Article Text:
 We went from horses to cars to planes to rocket ships flying to the moon … and we did it all without the Department of Education.
One basic rule of survival is that, when a clearly deranged individual is ranting and raving in public, you shouldn’t engage with them. Generally speaking, there’s no benefit to doing so. You can’t persuade them not to be delusional, as much as you might like to. You can only make things worse.
Unfortunately, every now and then, despite your best efforts, sometimes this strategy doesn’t work out. We’ve all been there. You’re trying to mind your own business, and then out of nowhere, you catch a stranger’s eye. And then they might start talking about you. They might verbalize their unhinged delusions about who you are, or what you do for a living. And in those cases, sometimes, it can be impossible to resist saying a word or two in response. You know it won’t help anything, you know you probably shouldn’t do it, but it’s human nature to respond when someone — even a lunatic — is talking about you.
Last night I found myself in a situation just like this, when the “Kamala HQ” account — the official account of the Kamala Harris campaign — posted a message in response to a segment from my show yesterday. This is the same account that even CNN reports is guilty of “repeatedly deceiving” people with obviously false posts. It’s the same account that Tim Pool is suing because they wildly misrepresented something he said on his show. They’re pathological, delusional liars in every sense. And last night, totally unprovoked, they came after me.
Here’s what they wrote, in response to my show yesterday: “Top Trump operative, echoing Project 2025: Not only should the Department of Education be abolished, but the entire public school system should be abolished.”
Before I play the clip that they embedded in that tweet, I have to say a few things. First of all, it’d be news to the Trump campaign that I’m one of their “operatives.” I don’t work for the Trump campaign. I don’t coordinate with the Trump campaign. During the primary I supported Ron DeSantis. So in no sense am I a Trump campaign “operative.” At the same time, I have to admit that this particular lie is a little flattering. If they’re going to falsely label me a “Trump operative,” I’m glad they’ve promoted me to a “top operative” instead of a regular one, at least. I’m not some rank-and-file Trump operative over here. I’m the cream of the crop, in the eyes of the Kamala Harris campaign. It’s nice to finally be getting some damned respect around here, I have to say.
In any event, here’s the footage they embedded in their tweet, to demonstrate that I’m a “top Trump operative” who is “echoing Project 2025.” I’m responding here to a clip from a recent Trump rally, where he says the education system is failing in this country. Watch:
Top Trump operative, echoing Project 2025: Not only should the Department of Education be abolished, but the entire public school system should be abolished pic.twitter.com/cCr0zr65C2
— Kamala HQ (@KamalaHQ) September 25, 2024

Like everything else that this “Kamala HQ” account has uploaded in the past few weeks, this post backfired almost immediately. Pretty much every reply was along the lines of: “Yep, the public school system and the Department of Education are terrible and should be abolished.” The goal of the Kamala Harris campaign is to portray this as an inherently extreme position — as if the existence of the Department of Education is an inevitable fact of life in this country — but it’s not. For most of this country’s history, up until 1979, we haven’t had a Department of Education at all.
Actually, to be more precise, Andrew Johnson also launched a Department of Education back in 1867. It had just four employees — the commissioner and three clerks. And it had a very limited mandate. It was supposed to collect statistics on “the condition and progress of education in the United States” and then publish that information. But even with that limited mandate, politicians at the time thought the Department of Education had too much power. They didn’t see any reason for the department to exist at all. As Politico reported, “Many in Congress … saw its existence as an unconstitutional power grab and worried that its data-gathering authority gave Washington a new and dangerous kind of leverage.”
Andrew Rogers, a Democrat from New Jersey, put it this way: “I am content .. to leave this matter of education where our fathers left it, where the history of our country left it, to the schools systems of the different towns, cities and states.”
Ultimately, the first Department of Education lasted just a year before Congress realized it was a horrible idea and abolished it. Instead of having a bloated and unnecessary federal bureaucracy spending tens of billions of dollars every year, education mostly remained a local concern from 1868 to 1979. And all told, we did pretty well as a country in that period. In fact, during that time frame, we went from horses to cars to planes to rocket ships flying to the moon. It was a period of human advancement never seen before. And we did it all without the Department of Education, if you can imagine.
Then, in 1979, after this period of uninterrupted prosperity and innovation, Jimmy Carter revived the federal Department of Education. And by that point, we didn’t have a lot of politicians in Washington anymore who wanted to limit their own power. Instead they wanted to expand it, at all costs. So the D.O.E. has stuck around, to disastrous results.
As the New York Sun reported last year:
The recent report by the National Assessment of Educational Progress, sometimes referred to as the nation’s report card, is a devastating assessment of the condition of our nation’s schools. In short, there has been virtually no educational progress with our nation’s children in more than 30 years – and urban districts are the worst performers. … Virtually every major city shows declining proficiency for their students, even as school spending continues to increase.
Yes, you read that correctly. There has been virtually no educational progress in this country’s educational system in more than 30 years. The Department of Education has been around this entire time, and it hasn’t done anything to improve education. They’ve hired a bunch of LGBTQ overseers to police “misgendering” in kindergarten, but when it comes to education, it’s been a debacle.
Instead, in major school districts all over the country, corruption has flourished. Again from the Sun:
The report ranked the Detroit Public Schools as the worst performing of all 26 large city districts, with just 5 percent of their eighth-grade students rated proficient in reading and only 3 percent in math. What is surprising is the Detroit Public Schools Community District rated 99 percent of Detroit’s teachers as ‘highly effective’ or ‘effective,’ the two highest ratings given to teachers. An added conundrum is that Detroit public high schools received an ‘F’ on student proficiency and yet received an ‘A’ on graduation rates.
In other words, students are doing terribly — worse than they’ve done in decades. And yet the teachers are rating themselves highly. They’re graduating all of these students who can’t read, write, or do arithmetic. And despite all of this, billions of dollars from the federal government flow into Michigan schools every year. The Department of Education isn’t just tolerating failure. It’s enabling it.
To be clear, the source for these claims isn’t Project 2025. It’s not me, either. The source for these claims is the Department of Education itself. The “National Assessment of Educational Progress,” or the nation’s report card, is both overseen and administered by the National Center for Education Statistics. And the National Center for Education Statistics is embedded within the U.S. Department of Education. The Department of Education itself is saying that it’s doing a terrible job. They’re acknowledging that public schools are failing, too, which is why homeschooling is now more popular than ever.
How bad are things going in public schools, exactly? In 2023 The New York Times reported: “The math and reading performance of 13-year-olds in the United States has hit the lowest level in decades.” Again, their source is the Department of Education and the exam from the National Report Card. And there are reasons to believe these numbers from the national report card because:
Scores on the exam do not result in any rewards or punishments for students, teachers or schools, making them especially useful for research purposes, since there are fewer incentives to cheat or teach to the test.
If there were punishments for underperforming schools, then we can assume that a lot of teachers would give their students the answers. But apparently they’re not clever enough to do that — at least not yet. So the corruption and the incompetence are laid bare.
Out of curiosity, I just pulled up the homepage for the National Report Card. The very first thing on the website is a chart entitled, “Student Performance Across Subjects.” It shows “Changes in average scores and scores at selected percentiles, by subject and grade.” Here’s what it looks like:
NationalReportCard.gov
As you can see, every single arrow except one is down — meaning there’s been a “Significant decrease compared to last assessment year,” according to the website. Average scores in math and reading are down for grades 4 through 8, in every percentile. The only exception is the 90th percentile in reading among 4th graders. That experienced “no significant difference” year-over-year. Not a single category improved.
I could go on and on about the various metrics that show our public school system, and the Department of Education, are both failing. Every single statistic like this is clear evidence that we need to scrap the system and start over. But the failures actually go even deeper than test scores and academic proficiency.
All the way back in 2004, the Department of Education released a comprehensive report showing that 10% of students in public schools nationwide, in grades K-12, were subjected to “sexual misconduct” by a school employee. That’s millions of children. It’s the kind of report you’d expect would lead to annual, if not monthly, follow-ups by the Department of Education. But as far as I can tell, they haven’t followed up at all with another comprehensive assessment. And as I discussed earlier this year, that’s not because sexual abuse in public schools has gone away. If anything, there are clear indications it’s become substantially more common — and that public schools are covering it up.
Put it all together, and it’s evident that the education system is catastrophically failing to do the single thing it is supposed to do, which is to equip each new generation with the knowledge and intellectual tools they need to be productive and happy human beings. The failure of the education system should be considered a major scandal — perhaps the greatest scandal facing the country today. The problem is that the Democrats don’t consider failure to be failure. They want the education system to churn out shallow, obedient serfs. And it is indeed succeeding in doing that.
All that said, I’d be remiss if I didn’t acknowledge that one thing the Kamala HQ account tweeted out is, in fact, accurate. It’s true that I am, indeed, a proponent of Project 2025. They got me there. If you want to find out more about our dastardly, secretive plot— now that we’ve been unmasked for all the world to see— you can find out more at project2025.com. I shouldn’t just give out the URL like that, I know. But as a top Trump operative, as opposed to a middle-manager, I have declassification authority.
Once again, the website is project2025.com. Send it to all your friends. But whatever you do, don’t send it to the Kamala HQ account. We don’t want them to see what we’re really up to, over here in the Trump campaign. It’d be really, really bad if they tweeted out that link and exposed what we Trump operatives are doing. We can’t let them know about project2025.com. But everyone else — everyone on our side who wants access to our secret blueprint — can go over to that URL anytime they want. Read it. Internalize it.
And then, when the Department of Education is abolished and children can once again read, write, and do arithmetic in this country, we must never speak about our sinister Project 2025 plan ever again.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
