Headline:
 Kamala Harris And The Not-So-Secret Soros Machine 

Article Text:
 The actual ideological predilection of the Democratic Party and of Kamala Harris is the George Soros program.
Kamala Harris is apparently going to call for more resources for Border Patrol agents to do their job.
However, I have spoken with the Border Patrol. The issue is not one of resources. The issue is the illegal structures under which they operate. The issue is whether they must immediately treat people who claim asylum as actual asylum possibilities or whether they can turn them away at the border.
Harris is going to propose new detection machines for fentanyl at border entry points. But that’s not where most of the fentanyl is crossing. The vast majority of fentanyl funneling into the country is coming in undetected, not through ports of entry.
Harris apparently will decry former President Trump’s failure as president to address this challenge and his recent efforts to build bipartisan solutions to it, and say the American people deserve a president who cares more about border security and playing political games.
But she doesn’t care about border security. This is a joke, and we all know it.
It’s all a lie.
The actual ideological predilection of the Democratic Party and of Kamala Harris is the George Soros program. And they’re not even trying to hide it anymore.
A few years ago, Soros decided to hand over the running of the Open Society Foundations — which is his deeply Left-wing, really ugly 501c3 — to his son, Alex Soros. Alex is now engaged to Huma Abedin, whom you may remember as the buddy-buddy friend of Hillary Clinton and the wife of Anthony Weiner.
The Open Society Foundations has been a blight on the West since its launch. It is responsible for the appointment and election of extraordinarily radical DAs in major cities across America who fostered the Black Lives Matter riots. They are additionally responsible for many open-border policies.
On Thursday, photos were released of Alex Soros with Tim Walz at Soros’ apartment overlooking the proletariat in New York City. In them, Soros is standing above the New York skyline showing Walz — who is, as always, in a subservient position — what it means to be an elite helping to run the world.
Credit: X/Twitter @AlexanderSoros
I’m not sure you could possibly create a more conspiratorial-looking photo than this supplicant politician with the scion and heir to a billionaire financier promoting wild Left-wing policy.
The Open Society Foundations has spent billions on American politics over the course of three decades. Across the West, it has spent some $22 billion, an enormous amount of money. According to CNBC, back in January 2023, “George Soros’ backed nonprofit invested at least $140 million into politically charged nonprofits just one year before the midterm elections. Those donations are on top of the more than $170 million Soros personally contributed during the 2022 midterm election cycle to help Democratic campaigns and political action committees.”
So, of course, the Democrats are going to Alex Soros for more money. A big Kamala Harris backer, Soros took a photo in July with Harris and, as soon as she became the nominee, tweeted that he was in support of her: “It’s time for us all to unite around Kamala Harris and beat Donald Trump. She is the best and most qualified candidate we have. Long live the American Dream!”
Alex Soros doesn’t give a damn about the American Dream. He was literally handed everything he has ever had.
So there they are, buddy-buddy, Alex Soros and Kamala Harris.
Now, whenever Soros is mentioned, I understand there is a cadre in the media who have a relationship with Jewishness that, shall we say, is fraught, and suddenly decide it’s anti-Semitic to point out that Alex and George Soros have spent billions of dollars on promoting far-Left policy across the West.
That’s just a reality. Such a statement is not anti-Semitic in any way, shape, or form. Alex Soros pouring money behind the Democrats and having Democratic candidates come to his apartment on bended knee to ask what they can do for him is a pretty impressive show of force by the Alex Soros wing of the party.
So what exactly does Alex Soros believe? He believes the most Left-wing things it is possible to believe. A November 1, 2021, press release from the Open Society Foundations stated, “The Open Society Foundations today announced $1.3 million to support frontline organizations working to aid Haitian and black migrants dislocated, detained, and expelled as they sought asylum and safety at the U.S. southern border this fall. This funding will help provide legal services to Haitian asylum seekers arriving at the Southwest border and support advocacy to protect their rights. It will further enable Black-led organizations to champion more broadly the humane treatment of all Black immigrants seeking safety and stability in the United States.”
And in this same press release, the Open Society Foundations promoted the lie that the Border Patrol was whipping Haitian migrants with horse reins, which, of course, was not true. Alexander Soros said, “The treatment of Haitian migrants at the southern border is unconscionable and a stain on our country’s standing across the region and among Black Americans. The damage done by these policies will last long after the headlines fade. These policies must change, accountability must be served, and the basic dignity and rights of the tired and poor, yearning to be free are honored here. We are proud to support organizations working on overdrive to help thousands through this crisis.”
This is what the Open Society Foundations is. The Open Society Foundations, led by Alex Soros, is a far-Left organization. It is impossible to think of any far-Left cause they do not support. In fact, they do everything from support extraordinary COVID-19 lockdowns to open borders to “criminal justice reform” — which is designed to defund the police — to Democratic voter groups and to censorship via social media.
That’s what the Open Society Foundations do.
Those are the people Harris is cultivating each and every single day.
It’s not just Harris, of course.
According to the Washington Examiner’s Gabe Kaminsky:
Alex Soros, the 38-year-old son of Democratic megadonor George Soros, has visited President Joe Biden’s White House at least two dozen times since 2021, according to White House visitor logs.
Updated White House visitor logs place the younger Soros, who recently took over his father’s $25 billion empire, at the White House around 25 times between October 2021 and May 2024. His latest appearance was for a state dinner. The high-level meetings and appearances at exclusive gatherings have come as George Soros donates large checks to Democratic lawmakers and left-of-center causes, with Alex Soros also establishing himself as a top federal campaign contributor.
The White House visits illustrate how Alex Soros has gained influence in the Biden-Harris administration and likely would continue to have the ear of top officials in a Harris-Walz administration. Alex Soros was widely photographed attending meetings with Democrats at the Democratic National Convention in Chicago in August. His fiancee, ex-Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin, was as well.
These are the people who have the ear of Kamala Harris.
Do you believe that she’s going to the border to shut it down?
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
