Headline:
 Brian Sicknick 

Article Text:
 Craig Sicknick, the brother of the late Capitol Police officer Brian Sicknick, told a rally at the Lincoln Memorial on Saturday that Congress should block President-elect Donald Trump from being certified when it convenes January 6.
CLAIM: Former United States Capitol Police Sgt. Aquilino Gonell claimed that “five officers” were killed “as a result” of the riot at the U.S. Capitol on January 6, 2021.
Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-NY) stated Tuesday that Fox News should prevent Tucker Carlson from airing more January 6 video footage of “lies” Tuesday.
Democrats knew that Capitol Police officer Brian Sicknick had not been murdered during the Captiol riot, but lied to the public about his death, according to Fox News’ Tucker Carlson, based on newly-released video.
The family of a Capitol Police officer who died the day after he fended off the rioters on January 6 refused to shake the hand of Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) at a ceremony honoring those who defended lawmakers as the mayhem unfolded throughout that day.
The mother of the Capitol Police officer who died the day after the January 6 riot is featured in a political ad where she blames “people like” Arizona’s Republican gubernatorial nominee, Kari Lake, for her son’s death, but in response, Lake offered her empathy.
President Joe Biden again claimed Saturday that supporters of former President Donald Trump killed police officers during the January 6th riots on Capitol Hill.
Sandra Garza, the partner of the late police officer Brian Sicknick, who died from a stroke after the Capitol riot, said Monday on PBS’s “NewsHour” that former President Donald Trump is “100%” responsible for the events of January 6, 2021.
The reported suicide death of MPD Officer Kyle DeFreytag makes him the fourth officer who defended the Capitol on January 6 to commit suicide.
Lawmakers and witnesses teared up during the first meeting House Select Committee to Investigate the January 6th Attack on the United States Capitol on Tuesday, where Democrats highlighted personal recollections from that day.
President Joe Biden said supporters of former President Donald Trump “killed a police officer” after they stormed the Capitol on January 6th to protest the certification of the election.
Twice failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton (D) touted fake news on Friday, the day Senate Republicans blocked a bill aiming to establish a commission to investigate the January 6 protests and riots at the U.S. Capitol, asserting that the “angry mob” that rushed the U.S. Capitol that day “killed a policeman.”
Senator Tammy Duckworth (D-IL) said Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Deadline” that Republicans “would rather defend traitors and spread lies” than defending democracy because they sided with former President Donald Trump over what she deemed to be “truth.”
Senator Cory Booker (D-NJ) said Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union” that it was “outrageous and unacceptable” that Republican senators were not backing legislation to create a commission to investigate the January 6 incident at the U.S. Capitol.
The false claim that Capitol Police Officer Brian Sicknick was killed by being struck by rioters with a fire extinguisher was debunked Monday by the District of Columbia medical examiner — but not before Democrats cited it in the impeachment trial.
The corporate media’s Brian Sicknick hoax has been debunked by Washington D.C.’s medical examiner.
Federal prosecutors will not charge a U.S. Capitol Police officer who shot Ashli Babbitt when she was entering the Capitol on January 6.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) claimed the January 6 Capitol rioters would have “had a battle on their hands” if they messed with her, adding that she is “a street fighter.”
The unusual and unlawful secrecy about Officer Sicknick’s death investigation undermines public confidence in the fair administration of justice.
CNN anchor Jake Tapper said Friday on his show “The Lead,” former President Donald Trump was projecting a “dangerous alternate reality” with his comments on the U.S. Capitol’s riot on January 6.
Wray refused to disclose to senators the cause of death for Capitol Police Officer Brian Sicknick during a Senate hearing on Tuesday.
The far-left PolitiFact finally admitted Brian Sicknick was not beaten to death with a fire extinguisher by a Trump supporter.
The New York Times waited until the end of Trump’s impeachment trial to issue a retraction of its “fire extinguisher” fable.
We are now being told that Officer Brian Sicknick was not killed with a fire extinguisher during last month’s Capitol Hill riot.
Rep. Slotkin is asking military leaders to allow U.S. Capitol Police Officer Brian Sicknick to be buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
A U.S. Capitol Police officer died Thursday night after allegedly being struck in the head by a fire extinguisher during Wednesday’s riots at the Capitol.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
