Headline:
 pro-Palestinian protesters 

Article Text:
 Mohsen Mahdawi, the Columbia University anti-Israel activist who was arrested and released from a deportation facility this week at the direction of an Obama-appointed judge, allegedly said that he likes to “kill Jews,” despite being painted as a “peaceful” protester by left-wing media.
A group of Democrat lawmakers visited two anti-Israel activists held in Louisiana Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) facilities this week, claiming they are “unlawfully held in harrowing conditions” after having been taken into custody and having their student visas revoked.
Former National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan was protested by pro-Palestinian Harvard University students during his first public appearance since joining the Harvard Kennedy School faculty earlier this month, a campus newspaper reported.
A group of pro-Palestinian radicals have claimed credit for a fire that consumed a McDonald’s restaurant building in France this week.
Secretary of State Marco Rubio told foreigners who may be “afraid” of visiting the U.S. amid ramped-up deportation efforts that they have “nothing to worry about” if they do not “join a Hamas protest” or “stir up conflict.”
Democrats and media allies are defending an arrested Syrian who led university protests denouncing Israel’s post-October 7 counter-attack.
One of President Donald Trump’s golf courses in Scotland was vandalised by a group of “pro-Palestinian” protesters, defacing the property with graffiti and digging up the greens.
Students participating in Pro-Hamas demonstrations on college campuses who are non-immigrant visa holders have been put on notice that they will face deportation by the Trump administration. Firming up a similar message from President Donald Trump, Secretary of State Marco Rubio, whose department issues the visas required to study in the United States, made clear that foreign students who support terrorist organizations will face severe consequences.
Pro-Palestinian protesters took over an academic building at Barnard College in New York, the sister college of Columbia University, according to several reports.
What began in January 2017 as the “Women’s March” morphed into a smorgasbord of liberal, progressive, and socialist groups rebranded as the “People’s March” ahead of President-Elect Donald Trump’s inauguration. Despite broadening protest group categories, the rally failed to muster the size of the initial Women’s March that followed Trump’s first swearing-in ceremony eight years ago. “Anti-Trump” was the only thing the groups seemed to have in common.
“Our rifles will be pointed at the U.S. government and the Zionist entity,” declared the speaker at a recent pro-Palestinian rally in New York, as he described American “imperialists” as the “number one terrorists,” and expressed solidarity with Hezbollah, a U.S.-designated terrorist organization, Iran, and other members of the “Axis of Resistance.”
Pro-Palestinian protesters demonstrated in front of New York City’s Rockefeller Christmas Tree on Black Friday, yelling “We don’t want no Christmas tree! Intifada! Intifada!”
Pro-Palestinian protesters attempted to ruin the annual Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade for the second year in a row by physically blocking the procession of floats on Thursday. More than 20 arrests followed.
The far left is getting heat from centrist Democrats for alienating voters with their emphasis on woke issues just after former President Donald Trump (R) won reelection Tuesday.
An alleged “Hamas operative” accused of vandalizing synagogues and Jewish cultural centers with pro-Palestinian graffiti and building an explosive device supported and donated to members of Congress’s “Squad,” the New York Post reported.
A woman is facing ridicule after posting a viral TikTok of her attacking a New Jersey gyro shop by ripping down a banner while screaming “Free Palestine” before realizing the flags were Greek, not Israeli.
The former darling of the apocalyptic climate change movement, Greta Thunberg joined a Berlin protest against Israel on the anniversary of the October 7th terror attacks on the Jewish state.
Crowds participated in anti-Israel and pro-Israeli protests and memorial in Europe on the eve of anniversary of the Hamas attacks on Israel.
A man attempted to set himself on fire outside of the White House on Saturday evening during a pro-Palestinian rally in Washington, D.C.
Unrest broke out at the Labour Party conference in Liverpool on Monday as an anti-Israel protester disrupted the speech from Chancellor Rachel Reeves and anger boiled over plans to cut winter fuel subsidies to pensioners.
Authorities removed a large Palestinian flag that someone had hung from the Brooklyn tower of the Williamsburg Bridge during Monday rush hour, footage shows.
CHICAGO, Illinois–Former 2024 Republican presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy told Breitbart News in an exclusive interview that those in the “so-called far left may find a greater, if not home, at least comfort in the policies offered by Republicans” than in the
Touting the power of her district’s massive radical pro-Palestinian “uncommitted” movement, which urges voters to reject Democrats who do not back anti-Israel policies, Minnesota “squad” member Rep. Ilhan Omar is calling for a “policy shift” on Israel and Gaza amid her fears of another Trump presidency, warning Vice President Kamala Harris that refusal to capitulate to the movement could cost Democrats the election.
Rep. Dan Goldman (D-NY) told Breitbart News that he believes there are a smaller number of pro-Palestinian and anti-Israeli demonstrators protesting the Democratic National Convention than “their voice may indicate.”
Northwestern University announced that all students and faculty would receive “mandatory trainings on antisemitism” as well as “other forms of hate.”
Cook County State’s Attorney Kim Foxx preemptively announced that she will not prosecute protesters who are “peaceful” at the DNC.
The pro-Palestinian protests outside the DNC were “mostly peaceful,” the Chicago Tribune proclaimed despite multiple arrests being made.
Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein urged Democrats to “abandon” presidential nominee Vice President Kamala Harris on Monday.
Pro-Palestinian protesters breached part of a security wall set up around the Democratic National Convention (DNC) in Chicago on Monday.
Vice President Kamala Harris is “part of a corrupt Democratic Party,” third-party presidential candidate Cornel West told Breitbart News.
Sen. John Fetterman (D-PA) revealed he will skip the Democratic National Convention (DNC) in Chicago this week to spend time with his children.
Congressional Democrats have been quietly voicing security concerns ahead of the predicted mass protests at the upcoming Democratic National Convention (DNC) in Chicago, Axios reported.
Pro-Palestinian Protests Scheduled Throughout Week for DNC in Chicago
The Democratic National Convention (DNC) in Chicago is shaping up to be a clash of epic proportions as potentially tens of thousands of pro-Palestinian demonstrators are set to descend on the city to protest the Biden-Harris administration’s handling of the Israel-Hamas War.
Vice President Kamala Harris coldly chided pro-Palestinian uncommitted protesters at her rally in Michigan on Thursday night as the movement that once threatened President Joe Biden’s reelection bid now haunts Harris’s campaign.
Protesters repeatedly disrupted Kamala Harris at a rally with chants about “genocide,” causing Harris to appear to lose her temper.
Former President Donald Trump said people who decide to burn the American flag should receive a “mandatory” sentence of one year in jail.
Kamala Harris only condemned the anti-Israel protest and vandalism in Washington, DC, after JD Vance called her out for her silence.
Pro-Palestinian protesters set an American flag ablaze outside of Union Station in Washington, DC, on Wednesday after it had been removed from the flag pole.
Anti-Israel protesters gathered outside of Union Station in Washington, DC, on Wednesday and removed American flags from flag poles.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
