Headline:
 Ramzan Kadyrov 

Article Text:
 During his visit to Chechnya, Russian President Vladimir Putin was filmed kissing a gold-leafed Quran at a major mosque.
Russian President Vladimir Putin paid his first visit to Chechnya in 13 years on Tuesday, meeting with erratic Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov.
Russian media on Monday reported that Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas will soon visit Moscow, with the date and agenda yet to be determined.
The Wagner paramilitary forces of Yevgeny Prigozhin have reportedly broken through to the Lipetsk Region, around 230 miles south of Moscow.
Ramzan Kadyrov’s Islamist-Chechen paramilitary group signed a deal to come under the control of the Kremlin, Russia’s Defence Ministry said.
The leader of the Russian autonomous republic of Chechnya expects Kremlin forces to capture Kyiv (Kiev) by the end of 2023 and wants to invade Poland once Ukraine is defeated.
The son of Chechen Dictator Ramzan Kadyrov “won” his first MMA fight on Saturday in what was beyond doubt a rigged fight.
Russian leader Vladimir Putin marked his 70th birthday on Friday with congratulations from the fellow authoritarian leaders of Cuba and Kyrgyzstan and a full “work” schedule, according to the Kremlin.
Ramzan Kadyrov, the sanity-challenged Kremlin-appointed strongman leader of Chechnya, was unusually critical on Sunday of both the Russian military and leader Vladimir Putin for reportedly easing an offensive in the face of a Ukrainian counter-attack.
Much of Ukraine, particularly in and around the region of the second city of Kharkiv (Kharkov), was plunged into darkness after missile strikes on energy infrastructure.
Ramzan Kadyrov, the eccentric leader of the Chechen Republic and a staunch ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin, on Thursday hired a not-terribly-convincing stand-in for Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to star in series of short videos where the Ukrainian leader breaks down in tears, signs a surrender document, and begs Kadyrov to forgive him for resisting the Russian invasion of his country.
Ramzan Kadyrov, eccentric dictator of the Russian puppet government in Chechnya, posted a rant on social media Wednesday in which he castigated Russian negotiators for making too many concessions to Ukraine in peace negotiations, Kadyrov vowed that his troops would fight the Ukrainians to the bitter end, whatever that might be.
Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu claimed on Tuesday that Moscow had achieved the “mail goals of the first stage” of its invasion of Ukraine and that it would now refocus its attacks on the eastern Donbas region.
Reports of Chechen involvement in Russia’s war on Ukraine are piquing interest among Chechens opposed to Moscow-supported warlord Ramzan Kadyrov to sign up on the Ukrainian side. Some of those vigorously anti-Russian Chechens are battle-hardened jihadi fighters from the Syrian civil war.
Vladimir Putin’s Chechen strongman Ramzan Kadyrov made a sinister reference to Ukraine’s “beautiful girls”, particularly those in embattled Kharkiv (Kharkov).
The National Guard of Ukraine has shared video footage of “Azov fighters” greasing bullets with pig fat for Chechen “orcs” deployed in their country on their verified Twitter account.
The Mufti of the Chechen Republic has endorsed Russian president Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, backed by Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov, saying that the invaders are “on the path of Allah”.
Ramzan Kadyrov, leader of the Russian Federation’s Muslim-majority Chechen Republic, is prepared to unleash up to 70,000 fighters on Ukraine to support his “commander-in-chief”, Vladimir Putin.
BERLIN (AP) – Police in Austria say they have detained a 47-year-old Russian national after a 43-year-old compatriot was shot dead near Vienna late Saturday in what Austrian media report is being considered a possible political assassination.
Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov announced he will donate 10.3 million Russian rubles ($131,500) to men struggling to purchase brides under Chechnya’s Islamic law amid the economic downturn caused by the coronavirus pandemic, the Moscow Times reported on Wednesday.
The leader of Russia’s majority-Muslim Chechnya region, Ramzan Kadyrov, is in Moscow with a suspected case of the Chinese coronavirus, Russian media reported on Thursday. No government officials have confirmed the news, but Kadyrov has remained out of the public eye in recent days.
Police in Chechnya, a majority-Muslim region of Russia, have relaunched a campaign to arrest suspected gay and lesbian Russians, killing two and arresting over 40 others in the past month according to a report published Monday.
Contents: ISIS claims credit for coordinated attacks across Russia’s Chechnya region; Brief generational history of Chechnya
Ramzan Kadyrov, the head of the Chechen Republic, wrote a social media post on Friday praising Russian President Vladimir Putin for “consistently defending the interests of the Islamic nations and peoples” while the United States and its allies “are bringing wars and destruction to the Muslim world.”
Hundreds of families of Russian Islamic State recruits are fighting long bureaucratic battles to convince Moscow to allow them to return, the Los Angeles Times reported. Around 3,400 Russian Muslims, most of whom originate many from the North Caucasus republic of Dagestan,
A Russian newspaper claims the government in Chechnya under Ramzan Kadyrov has been rounding up over a hundred gay men and putting them in “concentration camps”.
Migrants from the Russian region of Chechnya have increased dramatically in June and German security services worry that Islamists may be among them. The number of Chechen asylum seekers entering Germany is on the rise and according to officials in Hamburg
Russian President Vladimir Putin officially endorsed Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov to continue leading the country, but reminded him to respect Russian laws.
Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov declared his special forces have allegedly infiltrated the Islamic State (ISIS/ISIL) in Syria.
The president of the Russian region of Chechnya, Ramzan Kadyrov, suggested on his Instagram account that terrorists should be tied to drones and dropped on the Islamic State (ISIS/ISIL).
Russian “volunteers” fighting in Ukraine might travel to Syria to fight with President Bashar al-Assad’s forces. However, the Kremlin insists the government has no plans to deploy ground troops.
Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov told Kremlin propaganda outlet LifeNews his troops are ready to help Russian troops in Syria against radical Islamic groups.
Chechen Parliament Speaker Dukvakha Abdurakhmanov warned that Russia would supply arms to Mexico if America sends weapons to Ukraine.Chechen Parliament Speaker Dukvakha Abdurakhmanov warned that Russia would supply arms to Mexico if America sends weapons to Ukraine.
Analysts following what appears to be a developing political crisis in Russia suspect the growing tensions engulfing the Kremlin may be a product of the workings of Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov, once a loyal ally to President Vladimir Putin.
India and China battle for strategic influence in the Indian Ocean; Questions continue to swirl in Russia over assassination of Putin’s opponent
Putin’s return leaves more questions than answers for Russia; The talking points of the Russian and Chinese internet trolls; Oil prices continue to crash
Violent Christian riots follow bombing of two churches in Lahore, Pakistan; Jamaat-ul-Ahrar claims credit for Lahore bombings, rejoins TTP; Rumors abound in Russia on the disappearance of Vladimir Putin
Russian media went into a frenzy when former Chechen policeman Zaur Dadayev confessed to the murder of opposition leader Boris Nemtsov, but now Dadayev claims authorities forced him to confess and tortured him in the process.
Russian President Vladimir Putin claims he was not involved in the deaths of ex-spy Alexander Litvinenko and opposition leader Boris Nemstov. However, in the span of two days, he bestowed special honors on the prime suspect in Litvinenko’s death, Andrei Lugovoi, and Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov, who praised Nemtsov’s murderer.
800,000 people attended a rally in the Russian region of Chechnya to condemn the Mohammed cartoons published in France’s Charlie Hebdo magazine. President Ramzan Kadyrov attended, delivering an anti-West, pro-Islamic speech.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
