Headline:
 Toxic Masculinity 

Article Text:
 MAGA and ISIS share roots in “toxic masculinity,” according to a recent Salon piece which, on the heels of the New Orleans terror attack, likened the conservative pro-America movement to radical Islamic terrorists, portraying supporters of both as men drawn to “hateful online propaganda.”
MAGA’s attacks on Vice President Kamala Harris’s stepdaughter, Ella Emhoff, stem from “unapologetic misogyny” and “toxic masculinity” as well as a refusal to “admit to themselves that she’s cute,” according to a left-wing Salon piece.
Men must fight back against the political left’s anti-family agenda and the culture’s demonization of traditional masculinity by embracing biblical manhood and reclaiming their roles as “protectors and providers,” Sen. Josh Hawley (R-MO) told Breitbart News on Sunday.
First Gentleman Douglass Emhoff, the husband of Vice President Kamala Harris, criticized “toxic masculinity” in an interview with MSNBC’s Jonathan Capehart that aired Tuesday.
Britain’s top counter-terrorism policeman has revealed multiple advanced terrorist plots and even potential school shootings have been stopped recently, and reportedly said influencer Andrew Tate’s alleged advocacy of “violent misogyny” is a “concern”.
Sen. Josh Hawley (R-MO) urged young men to stop watching pornography and to “ask a real woman on a date” while speaking at Turning Point USA’s AmericaFest event in Phoenix, Arizona, on Sunday.
Hollywood filmmaker James Cameron reflected upon his upcoming “Avatar” sequel and how it will focus on some of his lessons of evolving as a man, likening the testosterone that fueled him in his youth to a “toxin” that he had to cleanse himself of.
Far-right ideology is “taking hold” in LGBTQ communities, according to a recent Salon piece that accused “gay culture” of discrimination “based on gender, race, age, and ability” that forms “hierarchies of beauty” and places a “premium” on “being white, young, physically fit, and attractive by Western European cultural standards.”
Boris Johnson has claimed the Ukraine invasion represents Putin’s “toxic masculinity” and that it would not have happened if he was a woman.
The GOP is obsessed with “toxic” and “grotesque” masculinity, according to a recent Washington Post piece that blasted Republicans’ “cartoonlike conception of manliness” and likened them to “little boys playing at war” ignoring “real-world consequences.”
Disney’s “The Last Duel,” starring Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, bombed big time at the box office on its opening weekend, grossing a paltry $4.8 million in wide release. The medieval epic incorporated woke gender politics by embracing the #MeToo movement and hiring a female screenwriter to add an anachronistic feminist perspective to the Affleck-Damon-penned screenplay.
“Toxic masculinity needs a lot more praise, right now,” said Michael Walsh, author of Last Stands: Why Men Fight When All Is Lost, as he lamented the “feminization” of men on Monday’s edition of SiriusXM’s Breitbart News Daily with host Alex Marlow, author of Breaking the News: Exposing the Establishment Media’s Hidden Deals and Secret Corruption.
Barack Obama said he’s discussed toxic masculinity with his daughters and concluded there was “never a full reckoning of who our dads were, what they had in them,” during Monday’s episode of “Renegades: Born in the USA” alongside co-host Bruce Springsteen.
Actor-comedian Kumail Nanjiani has insulted men who support President Donald Trump, claiming that “traditional masculinity is a disease.”
Eton College — the elite school that has educated everyone from the Duke of Wellington and George Orwell to Princes William and Harry and the current Archbishop of Canterbury — has gone woke.
Swedish journalist Jenny Wennberg has declared that so-called “soy boys”, who are often effeminate, feminist, and “antithetical” to traditional patriarchal men, are the future and have a role to play in Swedish society.
Taylor Swift appears to show support for Tennis star Serena Williams in which she re-creates a clash between a tennis player and a line ump.
West Point cadets attended mandatory events — framed by the military academy as educational curriculum — on “inclusion,” “diversity,” and “gender norms,” Breitbart News has learned. The programming included discussion groups led by upper-class cadets, labeled “facilitators,” making references to “toxic masculinity,” leading one cadet to comment, “I’m being taught how not to be a man.”
Companies need to moderate office chat to stop men talking about sports because such conservations exclude women and are a “gateway” to “laddish behaviour”, the head of a professional institution said on the BBC.
Students at Washington University in St. Louis are working to revive an abandoned program that was designed to fight against “toxic masculinity” in male students on campus.
Los Angeles (AFP) – Reeling from the #MeToo movement, Hollywood has put toxic masculinity under the spotlight this year with a batch of Oscars contenders zeroing in on the father-son dynamic.
Actor Brad Bitt says his upcoming space thriller Ad Astra will explore themes of toxic masculinity and the consequent “barrier that’s created” throughout society.
The University of Georgia is hosting a “Taco’bout it Tuesday” event that encourages male student to reflect on their masculinity. The university claims its goal is to “provide a supportive space for male-identified students to engage in critical thought” about topics like “the aesthetics of manhood,” while also stating that “gender is a social construct.”
Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, is hosting a program that aims to help students rid themselves of “toxic masculinity.” The goal of the program is to “reimagine manhood through different cultures, perspectives, and experiences.”
Gillette experienced a whopping $8 billion write-down during its most recent quarter, the latest setback for the maker of razors and other personal grooming supplies.
Google’s Jigsaw research division and the Wikimedia Foundation collaborated on an automated “harassment detection” tool called Detox to help identify hostile comments on Wikipedia. Users recently found the tool would rate comments directed at women as more hostile than the same comments directed at men. Foundation staff shut down the tool after it was also found to treat people identifying themselves as gay to be hostile.
California Gov. Gavin Newsom: Republicans have “no governing philosophy, no value system that’s interesting, except fear of others — and those others are going to be a majority.”
The Washington Post’s latest documentary is focused on what they suggest is the role masculinity plays in mass shootings in the U.S.
Actress Meryl Streep has criticized the use of the term “toxic masculinity,” arguing that toxicity is a trait that afflicts both sexes as women can be “pretty fucking toxic too.”
Actress Gwyneth Paltrow has launched a podcast aimed at helping men push back against so-called “toxic masculinity,” as part of a series of new products for her controversial lifestyle brand Goop.
A student at San Diego State University published an op-ed in the student newspaper arguing that “toxic masculinity” does not exist. His piece earned the scorn of the campus community, which compared it to the writings of “school shooters.”
Staff members at the University of Massachusetts Boston reportedly agreed that men are likely to respond with violence after facing rejection from a woman during a panel on “toxic masculinity.”
The parents of a student who was expelled from an elite Connecticut boarding school have filed a lawsuit claiming their son was targeted for his conservative political views.
The University of Kansas will be offering a new course called “Angry White Male Studies” beginning in the 2019 fall semester. The course is said to examine the “angry white male” and the “deeper sources of this emotional state while evaluating recent manifestations of male anger.”
A group of men in Pennsylvania have formed what they are calling a “cuddle group” meant to “redefine manhood” and help “heal trauma.”
Members of the “Men’s Therapeutic Cuddle Group” in Pennsylvania are fighting “toxic masculinity” by cozying up with one another.
The CEO still does not see the attack on manliness as a mistake.
A columnist for the University of Texas at Austin proposed the idea of a women-only gym center due to the overwhelming “masculine” nature of co-ed gyms.
Gillette’s recent commercial against “toxic masculinity” has become the 28th most disliked YouTube video of all time, or the 12th most disliked video if you exclude music videos.
Gillette’s recent commercial against “toxic masculinity” has reached 700,000 dislikes on YouTube and is quickly approaching the top 50 most disliked YouTube videos of all time after just several days on the platform.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
