Headline:
 Alexander Marlow 

Article Text:
 Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell is the latest target of a Donald Trump “Truth Bomb” barrage on his Truth Social platform.
Trump sees something that most of the establishment media will not concede: China is vulnerable – much more so than people tend to think.
It is essential to decouple from China on rare earths. The hard work should have started more than a decade ago. It must start today.
President Donald Trump told Breitbart News during an exclusive White House interview that the “Democrat Party broke” itself as its favorability sinks to historic lows.
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump told Breitbart News exclusively on Wednesday afternoon that his phone calls on Tuesday with Russian President Vladimir Putin and on Wednesday with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky were “two very good conversations.”
There is one element of the activist left that still poses a significant threat to the Donald Trump and his agenda, and that is lawfare. There are several activist judges who are currently trying to take control of the government for the Deep State.
Former President Donald Trump told Breitbart News exclusively that his youngest son, Barron Trump, has been increasingly involved in politics, and it was Barron who convinced him to sit for an interview with podcaster Adin Ross.
PALM BEACH, Florida — Former President Donald Trump told Breitbart News exclusively that when he was shot in Butler, Pennsylvania, in mid-July he knew instantly it was a bullet that had hit him.
Donald Trump told Breitbart News exclusively that Kamala Harris is so radical that she opposes saying “Merry Christmas.”
PALM BEACH, Florida — Donald Trump told Breitbart News that Kamala Harris will not agree to an actual real interview during the campaign.
Former President Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for president in 2024, said presumptive Democrat presidential nominee Vice President Kamala Harris’s ongoing efforts to flip-flop her positions on several major issues, such as energy, immigration, crime, health care, and more via press aides rather than explaining things herself, will not work for her long term.
Former President Donald Trump told Breitbart News exclusively that his general election opponent Vice President Kamala Harris “hates Israel” and “doesn’t like Jewish people even though she’s married to one.”
Former President Donald Trump told Breitbart News exclusively on Thursday evening that he intends to negotiate peace between Russia and Ukraine as President-elect before he even is sworn in as the next president of the United States.
As the political class debates whether Joe Biden is going to actually get nominated by the Democrat Party, much of America is dealing with a new reality: fast food is no longer synonymous with cheap food.
The U.S. economy generated 206,000 new jobs in June, but even leftist and establishment media were quick to acknowledge that the overall numbers were not all that great.
It’s Independence Day in the year 2024. That means it’s time to gather with family, fire up those grills and smokers, and talk about inflation.
On the same day we learned that Biden’s economy has priced most Americans out of the housing market, we also discovered that Los Angeles is building luxury housing for the homeless.
Happy Juneteenth to those who celebrate, which is everyone on Wall Street, apparently.
Everything Joe Biden touches gets more expensive, including the federal budget.
It behooves us at the Breitbart Business Digest to again explain that Donald Trump’s proposed tariffs are not necessarily inflationary, and the people telling you that they are are partisan hacks with no credibility on the matter.
The country is not moving in the right direction, and the economy is a major a factor. But the legacy media is focused on wall-to-wall coverage of he who is known as “The Bad Orange Man.”
As is so often the case with Bidenomics, even good news is bad news because of the upward inflationary pressure.
The latest edition of the Beige Book provides far more red flags than silver linings.
Jerome Powell spoke today from our nation’s capital and indicated what we all know to be true: The Fed has no business cutting rates at this time.
In this election, we have a tale as old as time: the Democrat wants to confiscate more of what you make for the government’s pleasure, and his Republican challenger does not.
PALM BEACH, Florida — Former President Donald Trump told Breitbart News exclusively last week that he sees a new category of crime emerging in the United States because of President Joe Biden and his fellow Democrats’ policies: “Migrant crime.”
Donald Trump lit up Joe Biden for lying about the bipartisan Senate immigration plan scuttled earlier in 2024.
Former President Donald Trump exclusively told Breitbart News that the primary drivers of demographic shifts are “safety and security.”
Former President Donald Trump told Breitbart News exclusively he is considering taking up an offer for a tour from the CEO of a Virginia factory that is not producing anything right now because Democrat President Joe Biden’s administration screwed up Trump’s “Made in America” initiatives.
Former President Donald Trump, the 2024 presumptive Republican presidential nominee, told Breitbart News exclusively that he was shocked late-night comedian and Oscars host Jimmy Kimmel walked right into his trap by reading his Truth Social post about Kimmel during the show.
Trump told Breitbart News exclusively that Laken Riley’s parents are “great people” who “lost an angel” when an illegal alien that Joe Biden’s administration allowed into the country allegedly killed their daughter.
PALM BEACH, Florida — Former President Donald Trump intends to endorse Senate Republican conference chairman Sen. John Barrasso (R-WY) to replace Sen. John Thune (R-SD) as the next Senate GOP whip, Breitbart News has learned exclusively.
Former President Donald Trump told Breitbart News exclusively on Wednesday evening that he will never touch Social Security or Medicare.
PALM BEACH, Florida — Former President Donald Trump told Breitbart News exclusively at Mar-a-Lago on Wednesday evening that he is “honored” to be the GOP nominee for president for the third straight presidential election, but he is concerned the United States of America is in “deep trouble,” as the “lunatic” Democrat President Joe Biden is still in charge for the next seven months.
Before a single vote was cast, the 2020 election was baked into the cake. America’s political and media establishment were not going to let what happened to them in 2016 happen again.
Former President Donald Trump excoriated Democrat President Joe Biden for screwing up efforts his administration began to make important stuff in America again during an exclusive interview with Breitbart News.
PALM BEACH, Florida — Former President Donald Trump told Breitbart News exclusively that he believes had the 2020 election not gone the way it did and were he still president right now, a path to true peace in the Middle East was possible.
Donald Trump told Breitbart News that Deputy Attorney General Lisa Monaco is the person who is actually pulling the strings at the DOJ.
PALM BEACH, Florida — Former President Donald Trump told Breitbart News exclusively that years ago when he was a U.S. senator that now-President Joe Biden was regarded by then-Sen. Ted Kennedy (D-MA) and his colleagues as the “dumbest” person in the U.S. Senate.
Donald Trump told Breitbart News that the recent wave of populist and conservative victories, from Italy to Argentina and more, show that international populist conservatives’ movement is “stronger” than it was in 2016.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
