Headline:
 German 

Article Text:
 An establishment reporter hid her tweets on X after she received criticism for taking words Republican vice presidential candidate, Sen. JD Vance (R-OH), had said out of context.
As many as 20 per cent of German residents do not speak German exclusively while at home, with five per cent speaking no German at all.
The German city of Hamburg is to ban unboosted people who do not have a negative COVID test from restaurants
More than 100,000 took to the streets in Germany to protest the nation’s lockdown rules, as the eastern FDP demand a clampdown.
A German Member of the European Parliament (MEP) has suggested that the founders of BioNTech, which developed the Pfizer vaccine, should be put on Euro currency banknotes.
The Social Democratic Party’s Olaf Scholz has been elected Chancellor of Germany, marking the end of Angela Merkel’s 16-year reign.
Angela Merkel has announced a de facto lockdown of the unvaccinated, and that Germany’s parliament will soon vote on making vaccination mandatory.
The incoming coalition government in Germany is set to push for a so-called ‘United States of Europe’ and create an EU Superstate.
A German soccer team has been thrashed 37-0 because its players insisted on observing rules about ‘social distancing.’
Germany’s enthusiastic, warm, and supportive ties to the genocidally anti-Jewish Iranian regime seem to point to motivations far more sinister than mere greed.
BERLIN (AP) — A party congress of German Chancellor Angela Merkel’s conservatives is likely to sign off on a coalition deal for a new government reached this month with the centre-left Social Democrats.
Approaching a third of German and French people want the European Union (EU) to become a single country, or ‘United States of Europe’, but only 10 per cent of Brits agree.
U.S. President Donald Trump has begun his first in-person meeting with Russian Vladimir Putin at the G20 Summit in Hamburg, Germany directly after the two held a press conference.
BERLIN, June 23 (Reuters) – Germany’s Bild newspaper promised on Thursday that Germans would not hog hotel sunloungers and would ditch their goalkeeper for the next penalty shootout, playing on friendly stereotypes in a last-ditch plea to Britons to stay
Against the odds, campaigners for Brexit are winning the argument on leaving the European Union (EU). At the London premiere of Martin Durkin’s Brexit The Movie – which you can now watch in full here or here – we got an inkling why. Call
Leading members of the anti-mass migration Alternative for Germany (AfD) party have expressed envy at Britain’s upcoming European Union (EU) referendum, confirming they want “every Member State” to have one. AfD Deputy Chairman Beatrix von Storch MEP was one of
Senior members of Chancellor Merkel’s governing grand coalition have demanded steep rises in their departmental budgets in order to house, employ and integrate migrants coming to Europe. Barbara Hendricks, the Federal Housing Minister in Germany’s government, today called for a
The Berlin Senate has announced an audacious, and some would say totally inappropriate plan to house 10,000 migrants in mid level to luxury hotels in the city with a total price tag of at least 600 million euros. The senate
Migration Watch UK has debunked a recent report in the Financial Times suggesting a poll of economists supports the idea that the arrival of a million migrants in 2015 could help solve the eurozone’s economic crisis. The newspaper of record for the financial industry claimed the
A teachers’ association in Germany says an annotated edition of Adolf Hitler’s ‘Mein Kampf’ should be taught in senior high school to help “inoculate” teenagers against political extremism. The Nazi leader’s anti-Semitic diatribe has not been printed in Germany since
Germany’s finance minister has warned that an ‘avalanche’ of migrants has been triggered, just as it was revealed that Germany should expect up to 10 million migrants by 2020. According to the calculations of another member of German Chancellor Angela
The depth of German opposition to Angela Merkel’s response to the migrant crisis is worse than previously thought, with a poll finding a third of respondents wanting her resignation. An INSA poll for the website of German news magazine FOCUS does
German police have confirmed they conducted eight raids in Berlin last night – including at least one on a mosque – targeting individuals suspected of recruiting for the Islamic State (IS) terror group. Outside the city, in Brandenburg, police continue to
Kenyan law enforcement is offering ten million Kenyan shillings–slightly more than $100,000–for information which could lead to the capture of Andreas Martin Mueller, a German national who left his homeland to fight for the jihadist group al-Shabaab and remains on the run after an attack on a military base.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
