Headline:
 masks 

Article Text:
 A Democrat staffer famous for snitching on House colleagues over coronavirus policies is proudly joining the Harris-Walz campaign.
The left-wing government of Ireland is set to introduce a ban on balaclavas and other masks at protests amid the rise of anti-mass migration action.
A major Massachusetts healthcare system is kicking off the new year with mask mandates for some staffers in their facilities.
China’s outbreak of pediatric respiratory disease marches on, spreading far wider and lasting longer than Communist Party health officials anticipated.
Chinese officials are once again telling the public to wear masks as various respiratory diseases surge alongside a rise in coronavirus cases.
Some counties in California’s Bay Area counties are reimplementing mask mandates in hopes of preventing the spread of what officials describe as a “tripledemic.”
Washington, DC, Mayor Muriel Bowser (D) introduced a crime bill on Monday that includes a ban on criminals wearing masks — after she mandated face coverings during the Chinese coronavirus.
A Minnesota hospital is among the latest bringing back mask mandates, more than three years after the start of the pandemic.
Some hospitals and hospital systems across the country are reinstating mask policies well over three years after the start of the coronavirus pandemic.
In interviews on Tuesday, CDC Director Dr. Mandy Cohen reacted to schools requiring masks when there is an increase in coronavirus cases by stating that the CDC wants people to get vaccinated against COVID, flu, and RSV, testing and treatment
A Maryland elementary school is forcing some children to mask back up, per a letter given to parents Tuesday.
Tuesday, during an appearance on FNC’s “Jesse Watters Primetime,” Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) decried the Washington, D.C. school mask mandates that are coming back into effect.
Sen. J.D. Vance (R-OH) said Tuesday he will introduce new legislation dubbed the “Freedom to Breathe Act” which will effectively ban federal mask mandates.
New York health officials are advising people to wear masks when in crowded public areas, as coronavirus cases are expected to spike following Labor Day weekend.
COVID mask mandates are returning to Hollywood, with Lionsgate being the first major studio to reinstate masking and daily testing for its Los Angeles office workers.
Three Christians arrested while maskless at an outdoor church service during the pandemic are being paid $300,000 by the city of Moscow, Idaho.
On Monday’s “Democracy Now,” Deputy Director for Trans Justice with the ACLU LGBTQ and HIV Project Chase Strangio reacted to a federal court upholding Tennessee’s ban on gender transition treatment for children by stating that the same states that have
A UK government adviser is confident any future pandemic lockdown and compulsory mask edicts will be met with compliance because people have learnt a new behaviour and, “in principle, you can switch it back on.”
Rep. Jerry Nadler (D-NY) endorsed mask mandates for two-year-olds in remarks on the House floor on Wednesday, cautioning toddlers should have been “required” to mask up as coronavirus spread across the country.
Many Japanese citizens are taking formal lessons in how to smile again after three years of wearing masks ruined their facial expressions, according to Japan’s Asahi Shimbun newspaper.
During a portion of an interview aired on Tuesday’s edition of PBS’ “American Masters,” former NIAID Director Dr. Anthony Fauci defended his changing recommendations on mask-wearing in 2020 by stating that no one would want to tell people that “we
Nearly half of U.S. adults say they do not expect their lives to “return to pre-pandemic normalcy,” a Gallup News poll found.
The city of Vienna has finally lifted its long-standing masking requirement on public transport – and now those who still wear masks are banned from doing so, and could even face fines.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
