Headline:
 Steele dossier 

Article Text:
 Wednesday on “Piers Morgan Uncensored,” the “War Room” White House correspondent Natalie Winters told Christopher Steele he was a “complete political hack and grifter” who was “smearing President Trump as a Russian agent” with the discredited dossier.
President Donald Trump is expected to sign an executive order suspending security clearances held by employees of the law firm that hired Fusion GPS in 2016.
Former British spy and creator of the notorious anti-Trump dossier tries hand at creating new narrative of Russia being behind England riots.
“Government gangsters are the group of individuals—career bureaucrats—who have been installed by what we call the Deep State into every agency and department in the United States government,” explains Kash Patel, the narrator of the new documentary film “Government Gangsters.”
Representative Adam Schiff (D-CA), who publicly advanced claims in the infamous Steele dossier, said Thursday on “CNN’s This Morning” that House Oversight Committee Chair James Comer (R-KY) is pushing out “unsubstantiated allegations.”
Twitter owner and CEO Elon Musk called out Democrat-aligned law firm Perkins Coie LLP for its alleged “attempt to corrupt a presidential election” through its role in the “Russia collusion” hoax during the 2016 race.
U.S. District Judge Anthony Trenga on Friday dismissed one count of lying to the FBI that Special Counsel John Durham brought against Igor Danchenko, the primary source for Christopher Steele’s infamous dossier.
The FBI offered former British spy Christopher Steele “up to $1 million” if he could prove the claims in his infamous dossier, according to a senior FBI analyst’s testimony on Tuesday in Special Counsel John Durham’s criminal probe into the origins of Russiagate.
Special Counsel John Durham says the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) paid Igor Danchenko, the source of the most salacious claims in the fraudulent “Steele dossier,” as a “confidential human source” (CHS) during the years President Donald Trump was under investigation.
The New York Times announced Thursday that it has hired Buzzfeed News’ Ken Bensinger to “pioneer a new beat” covering right-wing media — the same Ken Bensinger, which the Times omits in its announcement, who reported the Steele Dossier.
During Tuesday’s Fox News Channel broadcast of “The Faulkner Focus,” Rep. Jim Jordan (R-OH) weighed in on the ongoing trial of Hillary Clinton’s former campaign lawyer, Michael Sussmann.
Friday on Fox News Channel’s “The Faulkner Focus,” Rep. Jim Jordan (R-OH) weighed in on the upcoming trial for Hillary Clinton’s former campaign lawyer, Michael Sussmann.
An informant, who provided federal authorities with confidential documents regarding Deutsche Bank, was found dead Monday in Los Angeles.
Hillary Clinton’s 2016 campaign and the Democrat National Committee were fined on Tuesday $113,000 by the Federal Election Commission (FEC) for hiding their spending on the fraudulent Russia “dossier.”
Representative Adam Schiff (D-CA) said Wednesday on CNN that even though there are many discredited claims in the Steele dossier, compiled by former British intelligence officer Christopher Steele, it does not change “Donald Trump’s corrupt behavior.”
Wednesday on Fox News radio’s “The Brian Kilmeade Show,” former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo sounded off on the Steele dossier, a document falsely tying Donald Trump to the Russian government.
A Washington Post columnist criticized CNN for not correcting its reporting that the dossier was corroborated.
Kash Patel, former senior Trump administration official and lead investigator exposing Russiagate, said U.S. Attorney John Durham’s recent indictment of Russian Igor Danchenko suggests he is building a larger conspiracy case.
Friday on Fox News Channel’s “The Faulkner Focus,” Rep. Jim Jordan (R-OH) reacted to special counsel John Durham indicting Igor Danchenko, a key source allegedly used by former British spy Christopher Steele in the false Russia “dossier” against Donald Trump.
Rep. Devin Nunes (R-CA) said he was optimistic about John Durham’s investigation of the Russia hoax, including the FBI’s and Clintons’ roles.
Democrat election lawyer Marc Elias, a key figure in the “Russia collusion” hoax, has parted ways with the Perkins Coie law firm, ahead of the anticipated release of Special Counsel John Durham’s report into the origins of the Russia inquiry.
Wednesday during his nationally syndicated radio show, conservative talker Rush Limbaugh speculated on the reasons why the FBI held on to Hunter Biden’s laptop without taking action.
Lankford said he called on the FBI to conduct a counterintelligence briefing with Biden, who may very well pose a serious “counterintelligence risk” that could compromise U.S. national security due to possible leverage against the Bidens by foreign entities.
Recently declassified spreadsheets showed that the FBI relied heavily on media reports to back up allegations of Russian collusion.
President Donald Trump on Friday celebrated new revelations in the development of the notorious Steele Dossier used by the FBI to spy on the his 2016 campaign.
Just as the corporate media have been smearing Donald Trump since he launched his successful run for the presidency, editors on Wikipedia have done the same. This has included a college professor at the beginning of Trump’s term pushing students to add attacks on the President, editors placing mocking or incendiary articles about him on the site’s front page, equating Trump with the Nazis, and advancing the Russian collusion and Ukraine “quid pro quo” smears that have dominated his Administration.
Wikipedia’s page on the infamous dossier crafted by former British intelligence officer Christopher Steele is heavily slanted in favor of treating the dossier as a credible document, despite it being debunked by multiple federal investigations. One reason for this bias is the page’s primary author, “Valjean” a.k.a. Paul Lee, who is also an active member of the anti-Trump “Resistance” on Twitter as “TheDudeSeesAll” and relentlessly pushes baseless claims on Wikipedia and social media that Trump is a Russian asset.
“This reminds me of the Dirty Dossier, which was pushed hard by John McCain, and then with a thud turned out to be a total fraud,” Trump wrote on Twitter.
Rep. Devin Nunes (R-CA) was the target of opposition research hits that a local newspaper, owned by a broader national chain, dutifully reprinted on behalf of Fusion GPS without disclosing to its readers the questionable source of the information.
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Lindsey Graham (R-SC) said that the FBI mischaracterized, misled, and lied to the Senate Intelligence Committee.
Johnson issued his first subpoena as part of his investigation into the FBI’s handling of the probe into the Trump campaign.
Former Acting Attorney General Sally Q. Yates testified on Wednesday at the Senate Judiciary Committee that former Vice President Joe Biden was at a January 5, 2017 meeting in the Oval Office where Michael Flynn was discussed.
Rep. Devin Nunes (R-CA) accused the far-left-leaning Brookings Institution think tank and its leadership in disseminating the discredited anti-Trump dossier, defending its credibility and possibly even being involved in its very creation.
The Senate Judiciary Committee released a declassified document Friday that shows former FBI agent Peter Strzok knew that a February 2017 article in the New York Times suggesting Russia “collusion” was false in almost every respect.
U.K. Court documents released on Wednesday reveal that as early as July 5th, 2016, the FBI was aware that former MI6 agent Christopher Steele had acknowledged that then-presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton personally knew that he was commissioned to compile the now thoroughly discredited Trump-Russia dossier.
Former British spy Christopher Steele claimed former Prime Minister Theresa May and then-Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson ignored evidence that the Kremlin had a “hold over” President Donald Trump in order to secure a post-Brexit trade deal with the United States.
Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox & Friends,” Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) discussed the testimony given by former Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein a day earlier before the Senate Judiciary Committee, a committee that Graham chairs.
James Clapper’s video and audio connection with CNN died during a Thursday segment on CNN after he was asked about leaks of classified information to news media.
CNN’s Jake Tapper didn’t just spend the last few years deliberately spreading fake news about the now-debunked Russia Collusion Hoax; we must never forget he was also a willing #Obamagate co-conspirator.
President Donald Trump’s reelection campaign is demanding to know more about former Vice President Joe Biden’s role in the outgoing Obama administration’s failed effort to take down Gen. Michael Flynn (Ret.).




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
