Headline:
 transgender poll 

Article Text:
 A strong majority of Mainers do not think transgender-identifying boys should be allowed to compete in girls’ sports — in stark contrast to the position of Maine Democrats and Gov. Janet Mills (D), a poll reveals.
The survey found that parents “oppose teachers, counselors, school nurses, classroom aides, coaches or administration withholding information about a child’s gender identity from parents.”
A majority support banning minors from accessing transgender procedures — whether that be surgeries, hormone therapy, or puberty blockers — a survey from the Economist/YouGov found.
A majority of Americans “strongly oppose” the Democratic Party’s transgender agenda of men participating in women’s sports and men using women’s bathrooms, according to a recent survey.
Democrat candidates are retreating under a barrage of GOP-funded TV advertising that spotlights their support for transgender claims.
Nearly six in ten Americans (58 percent) are opposed to sex changes drugs and surgeries for minors, a Rasmussen Reports survey found.
A 77 percent majority of Americans say politicians use transgenderism to distract voters from important political fights.
Polls are showing that as more Americans learn about transgender athletes, opposition to allowing them to compete against women is increasing.
People who undergo “gender-affirming” surgery experience a 12.12 percent rise in the risk of suicide attempts, according to a federal study.
While Democrats push for the erasure of biological reality in California, Californians are increasingly rejecting the gender ideology and its outcomes, a new poll found.
A majority of Canadians reject their government’s proposal that adults and children be allowed to freely switch legal sexes, per a poll.
Democratic legislators have followed their pro-transgender allies and donors far out on a political limb, and GOP strategists are about to chainsaw the limb from the tree during the 2024 elections.
Nearly 70 percent say that athletes born male should not be allowed to play against natural-born women, a recent Gallup poll found.
Polls in Texas, Arizona, and California show why Republicans are advocating for, introducing, and passing a wide range of legislation tackling the problem of transgenderism in the United States.
Very few voters believe that children should be allowed to get transgender-related medical procedures, even if the kids have permission from their parents.
Over a third of the population of the UK are not aware that so-called “transgender women” are in fact biological males.
A plurality of U.S. voters believe states should “ban all gender transition treatments for minors and stop discussion of gender ideology in all public schools,” a recent YouGov poll found.
A recent Gallup poll finds that a majority of nearly 70 percent of respondents oppose allowing men who claim to be transgender women to play women’s sports, and 55 percent say changing one’s gender is “morally wrong.”
Most believe businesses should seek to be “neutral” on cultural issues during what society has deemed “pride month.”
A majority of Americans reject the radical notion that men should be allowed to play on women’s sports teams just because they “identify” as women.
A plurality of California voters totally oppose “gender affirming surgery” for children, and most support parental rights in schools, a comprehensive Rasmussen Reports survey focusing on parental rights and transgenderism released on Monday concluded.
A plurality of Americans believes businesses are doing “too much” to celebrate LGBTQQIAAP2S+ pride for what society has deemed “pride month.”
A clear majority of Americans strongly oppose the transgender ideology despite a roar of pro-transgenderism rhetoric from the establishment.
Over-one third of Democrats disagree with laws protecting children from “sex-change” surgery, a Rasmussen Reports survey released Thursday found.
Most Americans agree that a person’s legal sex is defined by their biology — not by a private feeling of “gender identity” — according to a Washington Post-KFF poll.
The Washington Post conducted a poll to find out what the American people felt about the inclusion of trans athletes in women’s sports. The Washington Post did not get the answers it wanted.
The White House has released a statement saying Joe Biden will veto the bill meant to protect women’s and girl’s sports.
Republicans and Democrats are very divided when it comes to whether or not they believe transgender-related medical procedures should be conducted for minors, but parents of young children back the Republicans’ expanding campaign to shield children from transgender advocacy and medical procedures, a recent Marist Poll in partnership with NPR and PBS NewsHour found.
Most individuals are “less likely” to support a candidate for president who supports allowing “medical treatment” — leftist speak for puberty blockers, top and bottom surgery, and hormone therapy — for transgender children, a Reuters/Ipsos survey released this week found.
The suspect who killed six people at a Nashville Christian school is the second transgender-identified woman who has attacked a school since 2019.
The Washington Post published misleading polling results documenting life satisfaction of those who identify as transgender.
Polling data from the Washington Post reveals that a sizable majority of adults who identify as transgender have not undergone medical interventions to aid their transition.
Most Americans oppose the transgender industry targeting children and believe pharmaceutical companies and doctors that promote puberty blockers and cross-sex hormones should be legally liable for “harmful” side effects, a recent Summit Ministries/McLaughlin & Associates survey found.
Most voters agree that changes to Title IX regulations — namely, allowing males to compete in female sports — hurts women, a Summit Ministries/McLaughlin & Associates survey found.
Less than two percent of the U.S. population identifies as transgender or nonbinary as the radical left continues in its attempts to normalize gender confusion — particularly among children — according to 2022 surveys.
The New York Times has published a lengthy front-page story admitting that “gender-affirming” drugs for those the White House refers to as “transgender kids” could cause permanent physical and emotional damage.
Voters are less likely to support a candidate in the 2022 midterm election who supports transgender procedures and surgeries on minors, a Convention of States Action/Trafalgar Group survey released this week found.
Most believe minors are being influenced to question their gender, a McLaughlin & Associates survey released this week found.
Most Americans do not support sex changes for minors, a Convention of States Action/Trafalgar Group survey released this week found.
Three trade groups want the federal government to crack down on public criticism of their growing business in selling medical services to “transgender” children and youths.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
