Headline:
 Joe Biden Dons Red Trump Hat While Visiting Pennsylvania Firefighters 

Article Text:
 
President Joe Biden was captured on video on Wednesday as he donned a bright red Trump hat while he met with firefighters in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, on the 23rd anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
In the brief video clip, Biden is handed the baseball cap — red, with an American flag across the bill and the name “Trump” in bold lettering across the front. The president did not appear to look at the hat before putting it on his head, smiling as he placed it on top of the hat he was already wearing.
WATCH:
President Joe Biden was captured on video on Wednesday as he donned a bright red Trump hat while he met with firefighters in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, on the 23rd anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
In the brief video clip, Biden is handed the baseball cap — red, with an American flag across the bill and the name “Trump” in bold lettering across the front. The president did not appear to look at the hat before putting it on his head, smiling as he placed it on top of the hat he was already wearing.
WATCH:
Joe Biden just put on a Trump hat while visiting firefighters in Pennsylvania.pic.twitter.com/L3FQ9UxwB3
— Greg Price (@greg_price11) September 11, 2024
Theories flooded X as the video circulated — some, like those who claimed it was a Trump endorsement, far less likely than others — as people scrambled to explain what reason Biden could possibly have for wearing anything Trump-related.
Some suggested, for example, that he was angry at Vice President Kamala Harris for taking his place on the 2024 ballot.
“Trump yesterday: ‘He [Biden] hates her [Kamala]!'” Libs of TikTok posted. “Biden Today: *wears Trump 2024 hat*”
Trump yesterday: “He [Biden] hates her [Kamala]!”
Biden Today: *wears Trump 2024 hat*
🤣🤣🤣 pic.twitter.com/mCV3uG03QD
— Libs of TikTok (@libsoftiktok) September 11, 2024
“WTF just happened? Did Biden just put on a Trump hat? Is he finally turning on Kamala for staging a coup against him?” one asked.
🚨 WTF just happened? Did Biden just put on a Trump hat?
Is he FINALLY turning on Kamala for staging a coup against him? 🤣 pic.twitter.com/GMCaHd7L42
— Nick Sortor (@nicksortor) September 11, 2024
Others assumed that Biden had simply been duped into putting it on, not realizing what was written on the hat when he put it on his head.
“Biden wearing a Trump hat because it’s 2024 and why not?” Red State’s Bonchie posted.
Biden wearing a Trump hat because it’s 2024 and why not? pic.twitter.com/xY9r1Yoo5D
— Bonchie (@bonchieredstate) September 11, 2024
“Someone gave Joe Biden a Trump 2024 hat, and he put it on,” another posted. “The best troll in history.”
Someone gave Joe Biden a Trump 2024 hat, and he put it on 🤣🤣
The best troll in history 🤣 pic.twitter.com/dVC82zgugq
— Vince Langman (@LangmanVince) September 11, 2024
The former president’s son Eric Trump appeared to suggest that Biden was aware of what was happening, but had donned the hat at the behest of the firefighters.
“The amazing First Responders in Shanksville, PA demanded Biden wear a Trump hat!” he posted.
The amazing First Responders in Shanksville, PA demanded Biden wear a Trump hat! Lets #MakeAmericaGreatAgain pic.twitter.com/cOriv6exq1
— Eric Trump (@EricTrump) September 11, 2024
Biden, who was in Shanksville to honor the memories of those lost in the 2001 terrorist attacks, had been criticized earlier for his “flippant remark” about his plan to “do 9/11” on the 23rd anniversary on Wednesday.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
