Headline:
 Kamala Harris’ Dangerous New Lie May End Up Costing Women’s Lives 

Article Text:
 In reality, abortion pills are what led to the deaths of these women and their children in Georgia.
We’re getting to the point where even the most Left-wing news outlets are becoming frustrated with how little Kamala Harris is speaking to the press.
Axios for example reported the other day:
Exclusive: The Harris-Walz ticket is on pace to do fewer interviews and press conferences than any major party’s presidential pairing in modern U.S. history.
According to the data, JD Vance alone has done seven times more interviews and press conferences than Kamala Harris and Tim Walz combined.
This near-total media blackout makes it all the more important to pay attention to the very few times that Kamala Harris is willing to speak off-the-cuff. We had one of those moments earlier this week, when Kamala Harris spoke with something called “The National Association of Black Journalists,” or NABJ. It’s still not clear why we have a segregated association of black journalists, or why politicians think it’s important to speak to them. But apparently, this is considered to be a worthwhile stop for every candidate. Donald Trump spoke to the NABJ a few weeks ago. He was heckled throughout his appearance, and the moderators were extremely hostile to him. But he did it.
Kamala Harris, on the other hand, was not heckled by the black journalists’ association. Instead, for roughly an hour, she was allowed to lie repeatedly, without being interrupted or corrected a single time, as far as I can tell. And one of those lies was particularly egregious.
In response to a question about abortion, Kamala Harris suggested that the so-called heartbeat bill in Georgia — which bans abortion after a heartbeat is detected — was to blame for the recent death of a 28-year-old woman named Amber Thurman. And by extension, Kamala Harris implicated Donald Trump, the Supreme Court, and the entire pro-life movement. Watch:

First she portrays Donald Trump as nefarious because he “hand-picked” three Supreme Court justices. I guess he was supposed to just draw their names from a hat or something.
And then Kamala Harris launches into a narrative that’s been making its way throughout the mainstream media in recent days. It originated in an outlet called ProPublica, which is best-known for posting a series of recent hit pieces on Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas. Here’s how one news station reported on the story:

You’d be hard-pressed to find a more absurd and self-contradictory news segment anywhere on television.
The report begins by stating that Amber Thurman died because of a “lack of abortion care access.” According to this report, Thurman’s death was “preventable” because she drove from Georgia to North Carolina to get an abortion when she was about nine weeks pregnant with twins. But because of a traffic jam, she missed her appointment, so she was given abortion pills. Then she drove back to Georgia, where she began suffering serious complications from sepsis, which is a potentially fatal response to bacterial infection. And then, according to this report, doctors in Georgia didn’t perform a so-called “D&C” procedure in order to save the life of the mother. They waited more than 20 hours before significant intervention, supposedly because they were worried that they might be prosecuted under Georgia’s heartbeat law.
And then, after all of this reporting, they casually mention at the very end of the news report that none of this has anything to do with Georgia’s heartbeat law, which has clear exceptions in emergencies where the life of the mother is at stake. And that’s true.
Here’s what the law says, directly from the Georgia Department of Health:
The law provides that no abortion shall be performed if the unborn child has a detectable human heartbeat except (a) in the event of a medical emergency or medically futile pregnancy … or (b) in cases involving rape or incest in which an official police report has been filed and where the probable gestational age of the unborn child is 20 weeks or less. The law does not prohibit the removal of a dead unborn child caused by a spontaneous abortion or the removal of an ectopic pregnancy.
Anyone connecting this incident to the Georgia heartbeat law is lying. And they’re doing it in the most flagrant and reprehensible way imaginable. They are using the death of a young woman and her two children in order to defame the pro-life movement.
The Atlantic, for example, wrote this:
Some tragedies are impossible to prevent, or even to predict. The death of Amber Nicole Thurman was not. She was perhaps the first woman killed by the overturning of Roe v. Wade.
For her part, Kamala Harris said in a statement:
This young mother should be alive, raising her son, and pursuing her dream of attending nursing school. … Now women are dying. These are the consequences of Donald Trump’s actions.
Yes, she referred to her as a “young mother,” even as this “young mother” killed her two children. This is a story that Kamala Harris now pushes at every opportunity. Yesterday she sat down with Oprah, for example. And they strongly imply, once again, that Georgia’s law somehow was involved in what happened here. And then they play a montage that contradicts that narrative:
Oprah and Kamala blame Amber Thurman’s death on pro-life laws — then play a montage which explains that her death was not, in fact, due to pro-life laws but complications from abortion drugs pic.twitter.com/wo1rapObiu
— Mary Margaret Olohan (@MaryMargOlohan) September 20, 2024
As Erick Erickson has pointed out, this isn’t just a hoax. It’s also a clear example of projection. The pro-life movement didn’t kill this woman — the abortion pill did. These drugs are not, in fact, “as safe as Tylenol,” as Planned Parenthood claims. Researchers have long understood that sepsis is a “rare but potentially fatal adverse effect” of abortion drugs.
What can happen is that, in some cases, after these drugs kill the child, there’s dead tissue that remains. And that tissue can cause a serious infection if it’s not expelled from the body. So the pill can cause the intended death of the child, and the unintended death of the mother.
Of course, no one at the National Association of Black Journalists pointed this out to Kamala Harris when she spoke with them. Instead they let her continue to ramble for another minute or so. Then they pivoted to a question about why it’s important for her to be joyful. That’s how shameless and embarrassing this whole event was. Here’s the rest of Kamala Harris’ answer, and then we’ll play the follow-up question:

So Kamala Harris lies about the death of a young woman and her children in Georgia. Then she says you’re “immoral” if you think that the government should “tell a woman what to do about her own body and her life” and her “best interests.” She also suggests that the Georgia law bans abortion in cases of rape and incest, which isn’t true. And instead of any kind of follow-up, she gets asked about her “joy.”
No one at this useless organization of “black journalists” thought to correct the record on Amber Thurman. No one thought to point out that, in fact, the pro-life movement is concerned about the “best interests” and the “body” of the child, in addition to the mother.
In her entire, two-minute-long rambling answer, Kamala Harris didn’t explain why mothers should be able to kill their children if they determine that it’s in their “best interests.” Instead, she simply declared that, if you’re a Christian or a Muslim or any other religious faith, then killing children isn’t really incompatible with your beliefs. Just take Kamala Harris’ word on that. She’s an expert on the topic. She celebrates Kwanzaa, after all.
There’s another Georgia woman mentioned in this report from ProPublica, named Candi Miller. She was a 41-year-old mother of three who suffered from diabetes, lupus, and hypertension. Apparently her health was so “fragile” that doctors warned another pregnancy could kill her.
According to ProPublica, when she became pregnant anyway in 2022:
… she avoided doctors and navigated an abortion on her own … Miller ordered abortion pills online, but she did not expel all the fetal tissue and would need a [D&C] procedure to clear it from her uterus and stave off sepsis, a grave and painful infection. … Her teenage son watched her suffer for days after she took the pills, bedridden and moaning. In the early hours of Nov. 12, 2022, her husband found her unresponsive in bed, her 3-year-old daughter at her side.
An autopsy later:
… found a lethal combination of painkillers, including the dangerous opioid fentanyl.
This situation, again, is being blamed on the pro-life movement and the overturning of Roe. ProPublica, citing a report from a state committee of “experts,” concluded that this was also a “preventable” death, because they determined that Candi Miller was “responding” to the Georgia legislation when she ordered the abortion pills online. But again, that doesn’t make the Georgia legislation responsible for what happened. If doctors — or patients — misunderstand the law, that’s not the law’s fault. If this woman had gone to the hospital instead of taking a lethal combination of painkillers, then doctors could have saved her life. Under Georgia law, they would’ve been able to do that.
In reality, abortion pills are what led to the deaths of these women and their children in Georgia. These mothers’ decision to kill their children is the reason that all of this happened. Every reasonable person who looks at these cases will come to that conclusion. And yet the Democrats have found a way to make these deaths an indictment of the pro-life movement. And once again, the media is going along with it.
This is how the abortion industry gets away with never grappling with or acknowledging the dangers of abortion. Every abortion-related death is somehow transformed into a death called by a “lack of access to abortion.”
Kamala Harris and the National Association of Black Journalists would rather push this false narrative, instead of being honest with women about the consequences of these pills. These are people who would rather see women die than tell them not to kill their children. And as a result, many more women like Candi Miller and Amber Thurman will do just that.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
