Headline:
 Trump Unveils Plan To ‘End All Taxes On Overtime’ Work 

Article Text:
 The policy was proposed at a campaign rally in Arizona.
Former President Donald Trump announced on Thursday at a rally in Arizona that he would push to end taxes on overtime pay if elected in November.
Trump, who previously said he would work to end taxes on tips, unveiled the new tax policy proposal while speaking to supporters in Tucson at the Linda Ronstadt Music Hall. He said that it would incentivize employees and help companies find workers.
“As part of our additional tax cuts we will end all taxes on overtime,” Trump said.
“It’s time for the working man and woman to finally catch a break,” he added. “I think it’s going to be great for the country. So that’s why we will be saying that if you’re an overtime worker when you’re past 40 hours a week, think of that, your overtime hours will be tax-free.”
“The people who work overtime are among the hardest working citizens in our country and for too long no one in Washington has been looking out for them,” Trump continued. “Those are the people, really work. They are police officers, nurses, factory workers, construction workers, truck drivers, and machine operators.”
Joseph Costello, a spokesman for Vice President Kamala Harris’s campaign, called Trump’s plan a “snake oil sales pitch.”
“No matter how much he lies now, Donald Trump’s record and agenda are clear — as president, he stole millions of dollars of wages from the workers he purports to represent,” he said.
Am I Racist? Is In Theaters NOW — Get Your Tickets Here!
Harris previously copied a proposal from Trump that would end taxes on tips for all service workers. Trump rolled out the policy in Las Vegas in June, while Harris adopted a similar stance in August.
During the rally in Arizona, Trump also ripped the Biden-Harris administration’s handling of illegal immigration.
“I’m angry at Venezuelan gangs taking over Aurora, Colorado,” he said. “And illegal Haitian migrants taking over a beautiful place — Springfield, Ohio. I’m angry about young American girls being raped and sodomized and murdered by savage, criminal aliens.”
Arizona, one of the states that has been most impacted by illegal immigration, is considered a key battleground state that could determine the 2024 election. Current polls show Trump leading in Arizona with an average 1.6-point lead over Harris.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
