Headline:
 Ellen Barkin 

Article Text:
 For Breitbart Fight Club Members only, every week we reveal our top five articles based on reader engagement. These are the stories that our readers were talking about for the past week.
Hollywood star and native New Yorker Ellen Barkin has demanded a boycott of Madison Square Garden for the crime of hosting the latest rally for former President Donald Trump. In so doing, the actress pushed the left’s “Nazi rally” smear even though numerous Jews were seen in attendance at Sunday’s rally, which drew a full house.
A former friend of Melania Trump blamed President Joe Biden’s poor debate performance on bad lighting by CNN.
Hollywood stars raged at CNN during Thursday’s presidential debate as a hoarse and wheezing President Joe Biden struggled to remain coherent and even froze up on live TV.
Actress Ellen Barkin raged on social media Thursday night in response to President Joe Biden’s poor performance during the debate.
It was Christmas in May for Hollywood celebrities after a jury in deep blue New York City voted to convict former President Donald Trump on all 34 counts in his business records case.
The day after the Supreme Court ruled that it would take up former President Donald Trump’s immunity case, Hollywood celebrities appear to have received their marching orders — to smear and delegitimize the court in the mind of the American public.
Hollywood celebrities erupted in orgasmic emotion late Thursday after officials in Fulton County, Georgia, released their mugshot of former President Donald Trump. While there was plenty of joy from Hollywood’s hardcore Joe Biden cheerleaders, some of the celebrity climaxes were disturbingly angry and vindictive — a sign of mounting, unstable rage as Trump continues to surge in the polls ahead of 2024.
On Tuesday, Ellen Barkin tweeted her unqualified hatred off Republicans, though she did apologize for her profane language.  “I f**kin hate these motherf*king Republicans,” she wrote. “Every last one. F*ck them one and all.”
Hollywood celebrities could barely contain their emotions as former President Donald Trump (R) arrived at a New York court Tuesday for his arraignment in his alleged Stormy Daniels hush money case brought by Soros-backed Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg (D).
When news broke that former President Donald Trump would be indicted by a Manhattan grand jury, left-wing entertainers erupted into a symphony of joy.
Ellen Barkin testified that she and actor Johnny Depp had a sexual relationship in the 1990s wherein he once threw a wine bottle near her.
Hollywood celebrities urged their fans to take to the streets in protest after an unprecedented leak of U.S. Supreme Court documents showed the high court is likely to overturn Roe v. Wade.
Hollywood celebrities have hit the panic button after Texas officially enacted its “heartbeat” abortion law early Wednesday, making it the first state to ban abortions once a fetal heartbeat is detected.
Left-wing Hollywood celebrities were glued to their TV’s Tuesday with the launch of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi’s (D-CA) January 6 Commission. The stars could barely contain their emotions as they live tweeted their rage at Trump supporters while praising RINO Reps. Liz Cheney and Adam Kinzinger for breaking ranks and participating in the hearing.
Hollywood celebrities sounded off on Friday following former Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin being sentenced to 22 1/2 years in prison for the murder of George Floyd.
Left-wing celebrities rejoiced after Major League Baseball (MLB) announced its decision to pull the All-Star game and the draft from Atlanta, Georgia, over the state’s recently passed election integrity law, which actually expands voting opportunities in the Peach State.
Left-wing Hollywood celebrities wasted little time in pushing for gun control and gun reform just hours after a shooter killed ten people, including a police officer, at a supermarket in Boulder, Colorado, Monday afternoon.
Hollywood celebrities are rushing to blame the shooting deaths of eight people in the Atlanta area on anti-Asian racism, despite the police indicating that race wasn’t the motive. According to a law enforcement official, the suspect has claimed the shootings at three massage parlors were related to an apparent sex addiction and his desire to eliminate his sexual temptations.
Hollywood elites experienced an epic meltdown after President Donald Trump tweeted that he would be leaving Walter Reed Military Hospital on Monday evening.  At the center of Hollywood’s temper tantrum was the president’s advice: “Don’t be afraid of Covid. Don’t let it dominate your life.”
Hollywood stars shifted into attack mode Wednesday after journalist Bob Woodward released interviews in which President Donald Trump said that he understated the threat of the coronavirus pandemic in order to prevent mass panic.
Actress Ellen Barkin, star of TNT’s crime drama “Animal Kingdom,” took to Twitter on Tuesday morning to call President Donald Trump a “murderous motherfucker” as he was addressing the press on his administration’s progress on handling the coronavirus pandemic.
Actress Ellen Barkin joined the throng of leftists in criticizing President Donald Trump’s Monday visit to St. John’s Episcopal Church, saying Trump “would have gone down in flames” after approaching the church “if Jesus was our Savior.”
Actress Ellen Barkin is joining the growing chorus of Hollywood celebrities claiming that President Donald Trump is causing Americans to die, saying that the president is “responsible for more deaths than Kennedy, Johnson, and Nixon.”
Left-wing actress Ellen Barkin took to Twitter on Thursday morning to call President Donald Trump a “rapist in chief” and claim that he has attacked teenage global warming alarmist Greta Thunberg.
Left-wing actress Ellen Barkin asserted on Sunday that the U.S. is overwhelmingly misogynistic and racist due to Rep. Katie Hill (D-CA) resigning over allegations of inappropriate sexual relationships with congressional staffers amid an ethics probe. Barkin used the suggestive hashtag “#Amerikkka2019” to drive her point home.
Left-wing actress Ellen Barkin posed a question to President Donald Trump’s “dumb” supporters, asking them if they want a president “who is as dumb or dumber than you.”
Actress Ellen Barkin has accused President Donald Trump’s supporters of comprising of the “most extreme right-wingers since the Nazis,” while also claiming that the Republican Party is inflicting severe “financial damage” on them despite the country’s strong economic growth. “If
Disgraced comedian Louis C.K. reportedly joked about his own sexual misconduct during a standup set Wednesday, simply telling the audience, “I like to jerk off, and I don’t like being alone.”
It was a long year for Hollywood celebrities, who marked another year with meltdown after meltdown, losing their wits over everything from the nomination of Justice Brett Kavanaugh to the migrant caravans of illegal aliens pouring into the U.S.
TNT’s Animal Kingdom star Ellen Barkin blamed President Donald Trump for the mass shooting at a California bar Wednesday night, labeling him a “blood-soaked monster” and appealed to  his 12-year-old son Barron Trump to break his father’s “chain of hate.”
Actress Ellen Barkin took to Twitter on Monday and suggested that it wouldn’t be enough to remove President Donald Trump from office.
Hollywood actress and producer Ellen Barkin claims she only wants to be around “like-minded thinkers” after Brett Kavanaugh’s nomination for the Supreme Court after Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee voted to advance his confirmation.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
