Headline:
 email 

Article Text:
 President Donald Trump said federal employees who have failed to reply to Elon Musk’s email asking them to name five things they accomplished in the past week “are on the bubble.”
President Donald Trump on Monday endorsed an email sent by Elon Musk via the United States Office of Personnel Management (OPM) to federal workers on Friday afternoon asking them to reply with five bullets of what they accomplished last week.
Mint Sandstorm, the suspected Iranian state hackers who stole a trove of emails from several of former President Donald Trump’s campaign staffers this spring, reportedly succeeded in getting some of the pilfered documents published this fall, Reuters reported on Friday.
Officials say a man in Greenville County, South Carolina, was charged on Friday for allegedly threatening a judge via email.
Popular meal-kit company HelloFresh has been hit with a paltry £140,000 ($178,000) fine after an investigation by Britain’s data privacy watchdog revealed the company sent more than 80 million unsolicited emails and text messages.
The UK Guardian on Wednesday reported that the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (Adnoc), the state oil company of the United Arab Emirates (UAE), was given access to the email system employed by the Cop28 climate summit and has been reading much of the summit’s electronic correspondence.
The Federal Election Commission (FEC) voted on Thursday to allow Google to go ahead with a pilot program that would allow campaign emails to bypass spam filters. That plan was developed in response to heavy criticism of Gmail, which a study demonstrated filtered more conservative emails out as spam when compared to their leftist opponents.
Microsoft recently released a temporary fix for its Exchange Server email platform due to a date validation error at the end of the year, reminiscent of the famous Y2K bug in the year 2000. The new bug, nicknamed “Y2K22,’ brought corporate email servers to their knees starting on New Year’s Day 2022.
Fordham University fired a professor after he mixed up two black students’ names and sent a peculiar email to students after the incident.
The FBI has acknowledged illegitimate emails were sent from an official FBI email account Saturday morning before the agency took the hardware offline. Breitbart has learned the email is estimated to have reached at least 100,000 inboxes.
Hackers are reportedly racing to use a new form of ransomware to target Microsoft Exchange business email servers that have yet to be updated since the company revealed a number of massive security vulnerabilities.
A recent issue with Microsoft’s Office 365 platform left many users completely locked out of Microsoft Office, Outlook, and Microsoft Teams which many have used as their primary means of work communication during the coronavirus pandemic.
A top Democrat fundraiser is under fire for sending an email urging wealthy donors to donate to Pete Buttigieg to “get on the campaign’s radar.”
Auction site eBay is investigating after users in the United Kingdom were left wondering if the site was hacked when its U.K. email account featured an image of a naked woman.
The ongoing meltdown over at the far-left New York Times marched on Monday when Never Trump columnist Bret Stephens threatened the job of a man who called him a “bedbug.”
An email verification service accidentally leaked more than 800 million email accounts, some including other personal data.
Cybersecurity researcher Troy Hunt on Thursday announced the discovery of a gigantic trove of pilfered usernames and addresses for email accounts from a variety of services, quite possibly representing the largest breach of account information in history.
Marriott International announced Friday that the data of up to 500 million Starwood customers was compromised.
Ivanka Trump, the first daughter and senior adviser to President Trump, defended her use of a private email account while transitioning into the White House in an exclusive interview with ABC News on Wednesday.
The White House is admitting that, through much of 2017, Ivanka Trump used a personal email account to conduct White House business.
Democrat members of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will investigate the personal email use of senior White House advisor Ivanka Trump, according to a report.
Blumenthal says there should be “some kind of investigative effort” into the personal email use of senior White House advisor Ivanka Trump.
Facebook was left red-faced after the social network giant suffered a data protection mishap during a cybersecurity conference it hosted.
The Justice Department Inspector General’s long-awaited report on the Obama DOJ  and Federal Bureau of Investigation’s handling of the Hillary Clinton email server investigation is set to be released Thursday, and will likely spark new questions over whether she should be prosecuted.
President Donald Trump urged the Justice Department to prosecute Hillary Clinton, Huma Abedin, and James Comey in response to a new report about the alleged mishandling of secure data.
President Donald Trump taunted FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe after news broke that the beleaguered official would retire in March 2018.
Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein sent several flattering emails to Hillary Clinton when she was Secretary of State
Jared Kushner’s lawyer appears to have been tricked by a well-known email prankster, who posed as Kushner worrying about a problem with pornographic images on his private email.
Shiva Ayyadurai, the man who is credited with inventing email among several other life-improving creations such as EchoMail, Systems Health, and CytoSolve, has announced that he is challenging Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) for her seat in the 2018 elections.
Air Force troops have been warned not to use certain words and phrases because they might be deemed offensive.
Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox & Friends,” House Homeland Security Committee chairman Rep. Michael McCaul (R-TX) argued when you consider the consequences of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton’s handling of classified information by using her own private email server,
Assistant Attorney General Peter J. Kadzik shared information about the congressional investigation of Hillary Clinton with his friend John Podesta, according to new emails revealed by WikiLeaks.
Joe Biden argued that Clinton probably didn’t understand “the gravity” of using a private server exclusively while working for the Obama administration.
As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton struggled when some of the emails from her private email address were going into spam folders, instead of to the intended recipients at the State Department.
On March 9, White House press secretary Josh Earnest clarified that Obama knew Clinton’s private email address, but wasn’t aware of other details.
“We should not think it is fine to find something that ‘should have been classified at the time,”’ Hillary Clinton’s spokesperson Brian Fallon wrote in an email on Aug. 22, 2015 to other campaign officials. “Our position is that no such material exists, else it could be said she mishandled classified info.”
Emails belonging to Clinton campaign chair John Podesta released by Wikileaks this week reveals a close, working relationship with a super PAC despite promises of outlawing such arrangements within the first month of her potential presidency.
Donald Trump reacted to news that Hillary Clinton’s campaign communicated with the Department of Justice (DOJ) during the department’s investigation and litigation into her use of a private email server, which was recently revealed by WikiLeaks.
Former Chief of Staff to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Cheryl Mills was given immunity along with two other staff members for their cooperation with the FBI’s investigation into Clinton’s use of a private email server, a congressman told the Associated Press.
Hillary Clinton for President Campaign Manager Robby Mook blasted out an email alerting supporters that their estimate of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s chances of winning the election rose sharply from as low as 10 percent to now as high as 40.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
