Headline:
 finance 

Article Text:
 Idaho became the latest state on Thursday to partner with PragerU Kids to offer free and optional resources to educators and parents through its PragerU in Schools initiative.
Popular finance expert and radio personality Dave Ramsey has endorsed former President Donald Trump, saying, “You can’t cancel me.”
Financial disclosure forms filed by Sen. Jacky Rosen (D-NV) since 2018 have reportedly been missing information, according to her attorney.
Future high schoolers in California will soon be mandated to complete a financial literacy class to graduate, the governor’s office said.
Gen Z is struggling financially with low income and higher debt-to-income ratios than Millennials did when they were their age, according to a recent study.
A majority of Americans believe college is “Not worth the cost because people often graduate without specific job skills and with a large amount of debt to pay off,” a Wall Street Journal-NORC poll found.
A Turkish national with an unenforced deportation order has been convicted for the 32nd time and sentenced to six months.
Roughly 1 in 4 millennials say their parents cover their rent, a new poll conducted by OnePoll on behalf of Chartway Credit Union found.
On Tuesday’s broadcast of CNN International’s “Quest Means Business,” Rep. Jim Himes (D-CT) argued that the failure to have appropriate regulation of companies like FTX isn’t due to FTX’s campaign contributions, it’s because “most” members of Congress “are still learning”
Pope Francis told a group of Spanish businesspeople Monday that today’s world is characterized by “war,” “environmental crisis,” and “economic imbalance.”
The Bank of America announced it will not require down payments on loans in certain primarily Black and Hispanic neighborhoods in five U.S. cities.
Consumers’ Research, an organization dedicated to educating American consumers, warned that BlackRock is “crushing America from within,” releasing a nationally televised advertisement, issuing a consumer warning, and notifying 12 governors of the dangers posed by the firm. Consumers’ Research’s campaign
As the world was buffeted by a coronavirus tsunami leaving forced lockdowns, supply-chain problems, economic upheaval, and poverty in its wake, global financial elites “have had a terrific pandemic” according to a report released Monday.
The founder and chief executive officer of a wealth management fund has been suspended for allegedly taking advantage of the unrest in South Africa to loot alcoholic beverages and a washing machine, among other items.
A man from Miami Gardens, Florida, who overcame poverty with grit and determination is using his story to help others facing similar challenges.
ROME — Pope Francis warned of the dangers of unregulated markets Tuesday, calling for “rigid regulation” of financial speculation.
Millionaire financier Raffaele Mincione has filed two claims against the Holy See at the UK High Court over the Vatican’s purchase of 60 Sloane Avenue, a prime Chelsea property slated for development into luxury apartments.
Dubai — Debt levels, unemployment and budget deficits will spike as the Middle East endures a coronavirus-led recession, piling pain on economies already hit by conflicts and an oil price slump, the IMF said Wednesday.
Riyadh — Wall Street titans smiled and schmoozed at a Saudi investment conference widely shunned last year over a critic’s murder, but as wariness lingers some delegates kept their name cards discreetly out of sight.
The UK has climbed from ninth to eighth in the World Bank’s list of most friendly countries to do business as the nation prepares to leave the EU. The country overtook Norway in the rankings, according to The Times, with international
BERLIN (AP) — Germany’s struggling Deutsche Bank says it will cut 18,000 jobs by 2022 in a sweeping restructuring aimed at restoring consistent profitability and improving returns to its shareholders.
Brexit Britain has received a big vote of confidence from international finance, as Citigroup attempts to seal a £1.2 billion deal to purchase the London skyscraper where its headquarters for Europe, the Middle East, and Africa is located.
Theresa May has reportedly struck a deal giving the UK’s financial services firms continued access to European Union (EU) markets after Brexit, by agreeing to mirror the bloc’s regulations.
The European Central Bank (ECB) is out with a study claiming the United States would have the most to lose if it started a trade war with the rest of the world.
The California Public Employees’ Retirement System named Yu Ben Meng, a former portfolio manager with the largest U.S. pension, as its next chief investment officer Monday.
As we remember the tenth anniversary of the 2008 banking crash which led to the Great Recession, let us not neglect to give credit to the man who, almost more than anyone, made the disaster possible.
Theresa May’s government is set to make it easier for European Union (EU) firms to access UK financial markets than it will be for UK firms to access European markets, experts say.
TEHRAN, Iran — Iran’s currency hit a record low on Sunday of 100,000 rials to the dollar amid a deepening economic crisis and the imminent return of full US sanctions.
TEHRAN, Iran  — Protesters in the Iranian capital reportedly swarmed its historic Grand Bazaar on Monday and forced shopkeepers to close their stalls, apparently angry over the Islamic Republic’s troubled economy, months after similar demonstrations rocked the country.
The Vatican issued guidelines for an ethical reform of the international economic-financial system on Thursday, just weeks after indicting the former president of the Vatican Bank for embezzlement.
When Barack Obama was inaugurated as the 44th President of the United States on January 20, 2009, Democrats controlled the White House, the House of Representatives, and the Senate.
Amazon is “in talks with big banks” to create their own checking account product, according to a report.
MAJURO, Marshall Islands — The tiny Marshall Islands is partnering with Israeli company Neema to create its own digital currency in order to raise some hard cash to pay bills and boost the economy.
Dash ($DASH), a decentralized digital currency, released an upgrade to its blockchain code Wednesday that promises to reduce most transaction fees to less than a third of a penny, boasting that it has upgraded its scaling capabilities as Bitcoin struggles under the load of its users’ activity.
TEL AVIV — Saudi Arabia’s central bank and other banks have frozen the accounts of 1200 companies and officials as a widespread crackdown against corruption at the highest levels of the kingdom’s leadership continues, reported the Saudi paper Okaz.
Much-revised ‘Project Fear’ predictions of an economic collapse following the Brexit vote look set to be pushed even further into the future, as Britain’s multi-billion pound aerospace industry breaks new records and studies show London is on course to continue outpacing rival financial centres Frankfurt and Paris.
Uber has declared a $708 million loss following their $991 million loss three months ago, while its head of finance Gautam Gupta leaves the company.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA), a potential candidate for the 2020 presidential election, took on a populist tone in her speech at the Center for American Progress 2017 Ideas Conference on Tuesday as she called for the rooting out of money’s influence in politics and continued her resistance against President Donald Trump.
Credit Score Dating, an online dating site which provides users with an indication of the credit scores of others, allows you to find a romantic partner with minimal debt.
Zacks Investment Research claims Twitter will struggle to convince advertisers to return to the platform, following a revelation that “up to 15%” of the platform’s users were bots.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
