Headline:
 John Kelly 

Article Text:
 Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) said on this week’s broadcast of Fox News Sunday that Mark Milley and John Kelly were lying about their recent comments about former President Donald Trump.
Mark Paoletta, former general counsel for the Office of Management and Budget during the Trump administration, revealed Friday that former Trump Chief of Staff John Kelly worked to thwart his boss’s plans instead of carry them out.
Former Vice President Mike Pence’s chief of staff chimed in on the latest Nazi-themed attack against former President Donald Trump.
Former Trump communications director Anthony Scaramucci said Wednesday on “CNN News Central” that if elected again, former President Donald Trump will lead to “lots of corruption, kleptocracy and ultimately violence.”
Joy Behar told her co-hosts Wednesday on ABC’s “The View” that she is having a hard time believing people support former President Donald Trump, who she said she considers a “fascist pig.”
CBS News’s 60 Minutes ran a segment on Sunday that sought to blame the “Havana Syndrome” illnesses, which largely occurred during the Trump administration, on Russian espionage, possibly involving sonic weapons.
Former Sen. Al Franken (D-MN) said Monday on CNN’s “News Night” that it was the “patriotic duty” of former officials who were in President Donald Trump’s administration to warn voters he is dangerous.
MSNBC anchor Nicolle Wallace said Monday on her show “Deadline” that “there is no open question” that former President Donald Trump weaponized the government to go after his political enemies.
Former White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci said Friday’s broadcast of CNN’s “Anderson Cooper 360” that former White House Chief of Staff Gen. John Kelly saved the country several times from former President Donald Trump’s “recklessness” and “lack of intellectual curiosity.”
Several former Trump administration officials took swings at their former boss after Trump’s arraignment in Miami on Tuesday, where supporters cheered for him and sang him Happy Birthday.
According to an excerpt from Jared Kushner’s forthcoming book exclusively provided to Breitbart News, then-President Donald Trump told his son-in-law and senior adviser that Trump would go to the mattress to fight for border wall funding.
Former Trump White House chief of staff John Kelly said Thursday on CNN’s “The Lead” that he does not understand the praise on the right for Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Former Trump administration officials met on Monday evening to impede Donald Trump’s 2024 presidential return, CNN reported.
Historian Douglas Brinkley said Thursday on CNN’s “The Lead” that former President Donald Trump was such an “imbecile” he thought Nazi leader Adolf Hitler is just a “celebrity.”
Former White House Chief of Staff John Kelly said Thursday on CNN’s “The Lead” that the 25th Amendment should be invoked to remove President Donald Trump from office and he would vote to do so. Kelly said, “I don’t think
Former Vice President Joe Biden claimed during the first presidential debate that he did not call members of the military “stupid bastards.”
Alex Marlow noted how The Atlantic’s claims imply that John Kelly, a Gold Star father, was silent as Donald Trump denigrated his fallen son.
U.S. Ambassador to France and Monaco Jamie McCourt told Breitbart News exclusively on Monday that the Atlantic story about President Donald Trump allegedly bashing troops is untrue.
President Donald Trump on Monday cited a Breitbart News exclusive featuring former White House Chief of Staff John Kelly’s closest aide to further cast doubt on a report from The Atlantic, which claimed the president called slain soldiers “losers” and “suckers.”
Former Deputy White House Chief of Staff Zach Fuentes denied to Breitbart News The Atlantic’s account of President Donald Trump’s comments about troops in Europe.
Logan said retired generals who are speaking out against Trump are either “complicit” or waging an information warfare campaign against him.
Friday on CNN, host John King played a clip of a new interview between former Trump administration communications director Anthony Scaramucci and former chief of staff John Kelly.
Acting Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Secretary Chad Wolf announced on Thursday that he will allow American businesses to import an additional 35,000 foreign workers to take non-agricultural jobs through the H-2B visa program.
Former California Republican Congressman Dana Rohrabacher has denied that he acted on orders from President Donald Trump to offer Julian Assange a deal for a pardon, saying that he never spoke to the president about the offer. The Washington Post, Associated Press, Reuters, and other mainstream outlets all ran sensational headlines claiming Trump was directly involved, despite some of the reports acknowledging Rohrabacher’s denial.
CLAIM: Former White House Chief of Staff John Kelly suggested President Trump called “all” border crossers and illegal aliens “rapists” and “murderers.
Former White House Adviser John Bolton criticized President Trump on Thursday after the president lashed out against John Kelly. “John Kelly is an honorable man,” Bolton wrote on Twitter.
John Kelly praised former NSC staffer Army Lt. Col. Alexander Vindman during a speech at Drew University on Wednesday.
Kelly was Trump’s chief of staff for 18 months before exiting the position, after months of trying to control the president’s instincts.
On Tuesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “The Beat,” House Impeachment Manager and House Judiciary Committee Chairman Jerry Nadler (D-NY) stated that he wants to call former White House Chief of Staff John Kelly as a witness in the Senate’s impeachment trial.
Former White House Chief of Staff John Kelly said Monday he would believe that President Donald Trump sought to make U.S. military aid to Ukraine conditional on investigations — if former White House National Security Advisor John Bolton did indeed alleged so in his forthcoming book.
Former U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley claims that former Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and former White House Chief of Staff John Kelly had tried to circumvent President Donald Trump and make their own policy decisions.
On this week’s broadcast of “CBS Sunday Morning,” former Trump administration U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said former Secretary of State Rex Tillerson told her if she did not resist implementing President Donald Trump’s decisions “people would die.”
During this week’s broadcast of “CBS Sunday Morning,” it was revealed that former Trump administration U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley said in her book “With All Due Respect” that then-White House Chief of Staff John Kelly and
White House press secretary Stephanie Grisham hit back at former White House chief of staff John Kelly’s criticism of President Donald Trump on Saturday, stating the retired Marine Corps general was “totally unequipped to handle the genius of our great president.”
Former White House chief of staff John Kelly on Saturday criticized President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw U.S. troops from northern Syria, labeling it as a “catastrophically bad idea.”
“I said whatever you do, don’t hire a ‘yes man,’ someone who won’t tell you the truth — don’t do that. Because if you do, I believe you will be impeached,” Kelly said during an interview at a political conference hosted by the Washington Examiner.
President Donald Trump criticized former Director of Communications Anthony Scaramucci on Tuesday, noting that he grew weary of his repeated phone calls.
The House Judiciary Committee is scheduled to vote Thursday to authorize subpoenas for a dozen witnesses of former special counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation as part of the panel’s probe into whether President Donald Trump committed obstruction of justice or public corruption.
The Department of Justice (DOJ) fined a bus company this week after finding that the business had discriminated against qualified American citizens and hired imported foreign workers on the H-2B visa instead.
The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) remains in a status quo phase, shaped by the direction of former DHS Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen and staffed with Acting DHS Secretary Kevin McAleenan’s allies.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
