Headline:
 McDonald's 

Article Text:
 Journalists covering President Donald Trump’s arrival to Saudi Arabia on Tuesday observed the presence of a mobile McDonald’s set up at a press center for covering the event in Riyadh, an apparent nod to the president’s love of the burger restaurant.
A group of pro-Palestinian radicals have claimed credit for a fire that consumed a McDonald’s restaurant building in France this week.
Angel Reese is an elite athlete and a promising young basketball star, making it unlikely that she eats the special McDonald’s meal that bears her name.
The fast food behemoth McDonald’s will reportedly end some of its Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) initiatives, citing the Supreme Court recently outlawing affirmative action (racial preferences) in college admissions.
Hilarity ensued on social media on Saturday when President-elect Donald Trump posted a meme depicting former New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) as the culprit behind the mysterious drone sightings across the northeast.
An Altoona, Pennsylvania McDonald’s is under fire after an employee tip led to the arrest of a suspect in the high-profile murder of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson. Fans of the alleged killer have flooded the restaurant with negative Google reviews, leading the tech giant to intervene.
The suspect in the murder of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson reportedly began shaking when police approached him in Altoona, Pennsylvania, and asked if he had been in New York City.
The 26-year-old Maryland native who was arrested Monday in Altoona, Pennsylvania, had a document “railing on health care industry” when police searched him and his belongings, according to CNN.
A person taken in for questioning by police in Altoona, Pennsylvania, is under arrest on gun charges, according to Forbes.
Kamala Harris continues to claim, without any evidence, that she worked at McDonald’s. Meanwhile, 11 pieces of evidence say she is lying.
The far-left New York Times found one “witness” to vouch that Kamala Harris worked at a McDonald’s and hid the fact that this so-called witness also happens to be a Harris campaign surrogate.
The McDonald’s outlet where former President Donald Trump worked the cooker and served customers Sunday has been flooded with fake bad reviews on Yelp.
Newsweek has smeared the McDonald’s in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, where former President Donald Trump served customers from the drive-thru window on Sunday.
Senate Democrats attacked McDonald’s on Tuesday for price gouging while it continues to “grow” profits and serve the needs of customers.
A woman whom former President Donald Trump served at the drive-thru window of a Pennsylvania McDonald’s on Sunday is speaking out, elaborating on her viral plea to Trump to keep the U.S. from becoming like her native country of Brazil.
Monday on Fox News Channel’s “Special Report,” senior political contributor Brit Hume argued former President Donald Trump, the GOP nominee for president, scored some political points for his “campaign event” at a McDonald’s a day earlier.
Sen. JD Vance (R-OH) dismissed the media’s critiques of former President Donald Trump’s appearance at a Pennsylvania McDonald’s, noting that his day in the Keystone State on Sunday proves that he can connect with voters “better than anyone else.”
Democratic Vice Presidential nominee Gov. Tim Walz (D-MN) said Monday on ABC’s “The View” that former President Donald Trump pandered and disrespected McDonald’s workers with his appearance at a Pennsylvania McDonald’s franchise.
Corporate media outlets and leftist media personalities were salty after former President Donald Trump donned an apron at a McDonald’s in Pennsylvania and manned the fry station and drive-through window, calling it staged.
Former President Donald Trump is dispelling the idea that he is a scary authoritarian, perhaps without even trying, by doing things on the campaign trail like working at a McDonald’s, ‘Vindicating Trump’ filmmaker Dinesh D’Souza said during an appearance on Breitbart News Daily, concluding that Trump is only a threat to the existing regime.
McDonald’s released a statement Sunday saying it has no record of Kamala Harris ever working there, while clarifying they ‘don’t have records for all positions dating back to the 80s.’
Former Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro congratulated a Brazilian-American woman on Sunday who asked former President Donald Trump to protect America from the fate of her native country, stating in an online post, “this struggle is all of ours.”
The establishment media freaked out over former President Donald Trump working at a Philadelphia McDonald’s, accusing him of smearing and trolling Vice President Kamala Harris.
Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz (D) issued a seemingly triggered response to former President Donald Trump working at a Philadelphia McDonald’s on Sunday.
MSNBC host Alex Witt and Rep. Barbara Lee (D-CA) criticized former President Donald Trump for his visit to a Philadelphia-area McDonald’s where he served customers, stating that there was “no logic to it.”
Former President Trump nearly broke the internet when he arrived for a Sunday shift at a Pennsylvania McDonald’s and worked the drive-thru window.
Republican presidential nominee former President Donald Trump said Friday on Fox & Friends that Vice President Kamala Harris lied about working at McDonald’s.
Former President Donald Trump will visit a McDonald’s in the swing state of Pennsylvania over the weekend and “work the fry cooker,” according to reports.
The largest North American producer of french fries is shutting down its plant in Washington and laying off hundreds of employees, company officials announced in a recent earnings report.
Vice President Kamala Harris touted her alleged job at McDonald’s in an attempt to appeal to American voters, but she is now downplaying it as a job she had when she was just “a kid.”
The corrupt corporate media appear terrified to look into the disputed claim that Kamala Harris once worked at McDonald’s.
Former President Trump ripped incumbent Vice President Kamala Harris over her questionable claim she once worked at a McDonald’s.
Despite a concerted effort to verify the McDonald’s job, the Free Beacon has found no evidence backing up Kamala Harris’s claim.
A man is accused of attacking three people at a Chicago McDonald’s on Sunday around 8:30 a.m. with a “hatchet-like object.”
High prices and a Gaza-related boycott hurt sales in the quarter.
A long-standing San Francisco McDonald’s franchise has closed down after 30 years because of California Gov. Gavin Newsom’s new $20 minimum wage law, the owner said.
McDonald’s launched a new $5 meal deal this week to combat soaring fast food prices under President Joe Biden.
Fast food restaurant McDonald’s is reportedly ending the test of its Artificial Intelligence (AI) in the eatery’s drive-thru lanes.
Even more than grocery and gasoline prices, fast food prices have exploded across America, hurting President Joe Biden.
Houston, Texas, police said a lawyer was fatally shot by an angry McDonald’s customer on Saturday after intervening to calm the man down.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
