Headline:
 Newspapers 

Article Text:
 USA Today became the latest publication to snub Vice President Kamala Harris with a non-endorsement in the 2024 presidential election.
The internet has now got ahead of television as the most widespread source of news among the British public for the first time.
CNN conducted an investigation into a video posted on former President Donald Trump’s social media containing the words, “unified Reich” and supported the Trump campaign’s explanation that it had been an “oversight” and “not a fascist dog whistle.”
The police chief of Marion, Kansas, has been suspended after he ordered raids on the office of a small, local newspaper and the home of its publisher.
A left-wing German politician has complained that all legacy media outlets in Germany now appear to have the same opinion.
Prince Harry accuses The Mail on Sunday of causing wife Meghan Markle’s miscarriage in the final episodes of the couple’s ‘Megflix’ series.
More than 200 newspapers across the U.S. have reportedly joined antitrust lawsuits against Google and Facebook over the past year. The lawsuits claim that Facebook and Google have monopolized the digital ads market, taking revenue that should have gone to local news outlets.
A small bomb exploded outside the offices of three newspapers in Athens, the building having been vandalised the year before by far-leftists.
Those few of you who still read newspapers won’t have got one today because of a blockade staged by the eco-fascist economic terrorism organisation Extinction Rebellion.
The McClatchy Company, the publisher of newspapers from the Miami Herald to the Kansas City Star, is filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
A cyberattack at a Los Angeles newspaper printing plant halted the delivery of a number of popular newspapers, Saturday, including the Los Angeles Times, and west coast editions of the Wall Street Journal, and the New York Times.
El Nacional, Venezuela’s last remaining nationally circulating newspaper that opposes the socialist Maduro regime, published its last print edition on Friday. The newspaper’s editors explain in the last edition that they no longer have access to enough paper to publish nationwide.
The Italian anti-establishment Five Star Movement have set their sights on the mainstream media, proposing to cut public funding to various outlets and create a new Netflix-like subscription service to give Italians access to all newspapers.
The New York Daily News on Monday announced massive layoffs as its parent company moves to restructure the financially troubled paper.
Dr. Patrick Soon-Shiong, a billionaire who earned his fortune in the biotech field, will officially take full control of the Los Angeles Times and San Diego Union-Tribune on Monday when the $500 million sale is completed and Soon-Shiong becomes executive chairman of the California News Group.
Facebook has taken out full-page advertisements in seven British and three American newspapers to apologize for their latest user data scandal.
The News Media Alliance (NMA), which “represents over 2,000 newspapers in the U.S.”, has launched a political action committee in their effort to take on Google and Facebook.
‘Stop Funding Hate’ (SFH) has been accused of trying to deprive working-class Brits of a free pizza after the campaign group — which aims to shut down right-of-centre newspapers in the UK — forced Pizza Hut to apologise for holding a promotional deal with The Sun.
A small group of left-wing campaigners are attempting to limit what newspapers report about immigration, Islam, and transgenderism, successfully “bullying” business into withdrawing ads from publications they don’t agree with.
The Washington Post‘s chief correspondent Dan Balz suggested it may become “necessary” for Republicans lawmakers to oppose President Donald Trump and act as a “check” on his executive power. In the article published Tuesday, Balz warned that Republicans have arrived
The Independent newspaper, a standard bearer for Britain’s left-wing media establishment for 29 years, has announced that it will close its print section and go “online only” from March 2016. The owners of the Independent and the Independent on Sunday, ESI
Several Iranian newspapers published on Thursday featured lead stories on the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps’(IRGC) recent seizure of two U.S. boats and a ten sailor crew.
LONDON (Reuters) – Britain’s biggest-selling newspaper the Sun is to take down its online paywall, after the Rupert Murdoch-owned tabloid failed to win enough readers in the latest troubled digital experiment for a traditional publisher. The scrapping of the online
Turkish newspapers Bugün and Millet have painted their front pages black in protest of a Wednesday morning police raid on their offices, as well as the offices of Bugün TV and Kanaltürk. Police shut down the Kozi-Ipek media network and attacked journalists and protesters with tear gas and water cannons in what many claim is an abuse of government power.
Supporters of Turkey’s Islamist ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) attacked the headquarters of major newspaper Hurriyet on Sunday night. In response, the government is seeking not to investigate the attacks, but Hurriyet, for allegedly insulting President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
A swarm of angry pro-Justice and Development Party protesters led by an Istanbul member of Parliament attacked Turkey’s Hurriyet newspaper with stones, shouting “God is great” and asserting that President Recep Tayyip Erdogan would continue ruling the country regardless of the upcoming election’s outcome.
The decline of the newspaper industry is continuing as analysts report that overall another 10.4 percent of newsroom jobs have been lost. Minority jobs in the industry have also fallen to a new low level.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
