Headline:
 prison escape 

Article Text:
 Police said a prisoner with a lengthy rap sheet recently escaped in a luxury vehicle that was outside a hospital in Miami, Florida.
A manhunt is underway for three South Carolina inmates after four escaped on Monday, with one of the men being caught after allegedly breaking into several cars and a home about 80 miles away.
An American couple who went missing after their yacht was stolen in the Caribbean are now presumed dead; a trio of escaped inmates were charged with their deaths as well as raping the woman.
President Daniel Noboa of Ecuador on Tuesday laughed off Venezuelan dictator Nicolas Maduro’s offer of security assistance against gang members, ignoring Maduro’s warning to steer clear of entanglements with the United States.
A manhunt is underway after two migrant males, described as being an Algerian and a Palestinian, used a hacksaw to cut the cell window bars.
Daniel Khalife who allegedly snuck out of a prison by strapping himself under a delivery truck has pleaded not guilty to escaping custody.
A former soldier who escaped from a London prison while awaiting trial on terrorism charges was captured Saturday, police said.
British police have conceded the prison escape ‘terrorist’ may have had inside assistance in his escape, and may already have made it abroad.
An investigation has been launched into how a suspected terrorist was able to escape prison by clinging to the bottom of a food delivery van.
British Army soldier hung onto the bottom of a truck as it drove out of one of the UK’s largest prisons, where he was held pending trial.
A man who escaped from a Mississippi prison with only a few months left before his release is headed back to prison for a long time.
The devastating earthquakes that rocked Turkey and Syria on Monday damaged a prison in the Syrian town of Rajo near the Turkish border, giving its 2,000 prisoners an opportunity to riot, during which at least 20 of them reportedly escaped.
A human smuggler from Mexico who is serving an eight-year sentence in a federal prison received an additional two-year prison sentence for having tried to escape.
Convicted murderer Gonzalo Lopez, 46, who is suspected of recently killing a family of five, after being on the loose for a month following escaping custody during a bus transport, was fatally wounded in a shootout with police on Thursday, according to the Texas Department of Criminal Justice (TDCJ).
Authorities say the Alabama corrections official and the accused murderer she allegedly helped escape prison share a “special relationship.”
Unidentified gunmen attacked a prison in southwestern Nigeria on Sunday, blowing up the facility’s fence to free 266 inmates, or nearly all of the site’s prisoners, Nigeria’s Premium Times reported Monday.
A hospital security officer is being hailed for his heroic efforts after he caught an escaped prisoner in northeast Oklahoma.
Two groups of migrants comprised of a total of 13 people had escaped a detention facility in the French city of Metz in just 48 hours.
A trio of migrants managed to slip past security and escape the Hendaye administrative detention centre last weekend after executing an intricate plan to evade their guards.
Travis Lee Davis, 30, stole the vehicle into which he had been confined while the officers interviewed the victim.
United States Border Patrol has recaptured an escaped prisoner who walked away from a minimum security facility in California’s Sierra Nevada foothills in December 2010.
One of three dangerous Orange County jail escapees was first ordered deported in 1998, but never was.
Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto took to Twitter today to make one of the biggest announcements of his presidency—the most wanted man in the Western Hemisphere, drug lord Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzmán, had been recaptured seven months after escaping from a Mexican maximum security prison.
On October 8, Mexico’s Attorney General’s Office announced that the pilot who helped notorious drug lord Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzmán escape from a high-security prison had been captured. This was the first time any mention had been made of a pilot being involved in the plot, and authorities did not say if the arrest was bringing them any closer to discovering Guzmán’s whereabouts.
With Mexican drug kingpin Joaquín Guzmán Loera’s second major escape from a maximum security prison in Mexico, his fans are growing in number. The drug lord known as “El Chapo” is becoming something of a folk hero in Sinaloa, Mexico, the killer’s hometown.
Donald Trump has weighed in on the audacious prison escape of one of Mexico’s most notorious drug lords, claiming it as proof of the country’s ‘corruption’.
Mexican authorities have undertaken a desperate manhunt for former Sinaloa drug cartel boss Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzmán after he escaped from the Altiplano maximum security prison near Mexico City. It was the second time Guzmán escaped from prison; the first was in 2001.
O’Gorman’s interim tenure was short lived. Late Wednesday, the Department of Corrections and Community Supervision (DOCCS) emailed a statement to Breitbart News that Michael Kirkpatrick has been named the new permanent superintendent at Clinton Correctional Facility.
One source familiar with the investigation into the escape of the two convicts from Clinton Correctional Facility in Dannemora, New York tells Breitbart News “they are investigating a drug trade inside the prison that is being operated by the prisoners and the correctional officers.” Another source familiar with the investigation tells Breitbart News the arrests of Joyce Mitchell and Gene Palmer are just “the tip of the iceberg.”
Cook, a 21-year law enforcement veteran, was on patrol by himself Sunday about 3 pm eastern about 5 miles north of the 22-square mile search area where as many as 1,000 fellow officers were looking for Sweat, when he spotted a man dressed in camouflage clothing jogging on Coveytown Road in the Town of Constable, just 2 miles north of the Village of Malone, New York.
According to tweets from Press-Republican editor Lois Clermont, Sweat has been taken to a local hospital and is in stable condition.
Richard Matt was shot dead at approximately 4 pm eastern today near the intersection of Highways 30 and 41, 7 miles south of the village of Malone, New York just north of Lake Titus. Elephant’s Head, where the search for
“DNA was from convicted murderer Richard Matt, sources tell Press-Republican,” Press-Republican editor Lois Clermont tweeted at 11:15 am eastern time.
Despite calling Palmer’s delivery of the tool-embedded frozen meat to the convicts a mistake that broke the rules, all the correction officers with whom Breitbart News spoke continue to maintain that Palmer is being scapegoated for being manipulated by the convicts and Joyce Mitchell to provide the first tools needed to enable the escape.
The New York correctional worker who has been charged with helping two convicted murderers escape from a maximum-security prison may be headed to television.
“What the ‘observant viewer’ saw was not a rope being sent down by an inmate. It was a rope lowered by a tower officer to get some dinner after 16 hours up there,” one retired correctional officer tells Breitbart News.
“Governor Cuomo’s anti-prison budget cuts created the opportunity for those two convicts to escape from Dannemora,” a retired correctional officer who worked at the Clinton Correctional Facility in Dannemora, New York for three decades tells Breitbart News. Late Friday night/early




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
