Headline:
 Trump Campaign 

Article Text:
 President-Elect Donald Trump’s campaign released a statement confirming that Vice President Kamala Harris has conceded the election and called Trump.
The Trump campaign said that Vice President Kamala Harris lied, name-called, and clung to the past in her closing argument speech “to avoid admitting the truth” about her and President Joe Biden’s “terrible policies.”
Former presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and television personality Dr. Phil McGraw are putting on a campaign event for former President Donald Trump in Pennsylvania on Thursday.
Former U.N. Ambassador and Republican presidential candidate Nikki Haley is reportedly in talks with former President Donald Trump’s campaign to join him on the campaign trail for an event, according to several sources.
Vice President Kamala Harris has “blood on her hands” caused by the increase in migrant crime in the United States, according to the Trump campaign.
Senior advisers for former President Donald Trump’s reelection campaign are telling staff to “remain vigilant” in the wake of a second assassination attempt that unfolded on Sunday in West Palm Beach, Florida.
The Trump campaign said Kamala Harris has an “incredibly high” bar to clear in her debate with Donald Trump on Tuesday night.
MAGA’s attacks on Vice President Kamala Harris’s stepdaughter, Ella Emhoff, stem from “unapologetic misogyny” and “toxic masculinity” as well as a refusal to “admit to themselves that she’s cute,” according to a left-wing Salon piece.
Rep. Byron Donalds (R-FL) discusses crime in America under the Democrats’ watch at a press conference for the Trump campaign in Chicago, where the 2024 Democratic National Convention is also being held.
The Republican National Committee (RNC) and Trump campaign have surpassed 150,000 poll watchers and workers.
The Trump campaign claimed that its internal communications were hacked by “foreign sources hostile to the United States,” according to a recent report.
The Secret Service has reportedly advised the Trump campaign to stop holding rallies and events outdoors, almost two weeks after an assassination attempt on former President Donald Trump.
Kimberly Cheatle admitted to signing off on a false claim that the Secret Service never denied Donald Trump’s requests for more protection.
The Trump campaign issued a statement after President Joe Biden had announced he was exiting the presidential race and endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris to be the Democrat Party’s nominee.
The Trump campaign stated it would not schedule a vice presidential debate before the Democratic National Convention (DNC) takes place.
A young supporter of Donald Trump was brought to tears at a campaign stop when the former president stopped to meet with him, as he was dressed like his twin.
Former President Donald Trump’s campaign and the Republican National Committee (RNC) raised $141 million in May.
CNN conducted an investigation into a video posted on former President Donald Trump’s social media containing the words, “unified Reich” and supported the Trump campaign’s explanation that it had been an “oversight” and “not a fascist dog whistle.”
Former President Donald Trump’s presidential campaign is the first ever from the two major political parties to begin accepting cryptocurrency contributions. Trump’s team announced the novel fundraising method on Tuesday in an emailed press release. Donors can contribute to the
The Trump campaign is launching the “Palm Beach Playbook” newsletter to bring voters “truth about President Trump’s America First policies.”
The Republican National Committee (RNC), partnered with the Trump campaign, is launching a massive election integrity program.
President Joe Biden and his campaign would love nothing more than to “control every aspect of life,” former President Donald Trump’s campaign said in reaction to the Biden campaign requiring applicants of the campaign to be “up to date” on coronavirus vaccines.
Biden’s campaign devolved into another anti-Trump hoax after the former president released a video revealing his abortion position.
The Republican National Committee (RNC) has been revamped and is now a “bonded entity” with the Trump campaign, Lara Trump said.
The Trump campaign and the RNC raised a joint $65.6 million in March, which brings their cash on hand to $93.1 million.
A liberal federal appeals court ruled that Donald Trump does not have immunity from being prosecuted for alleged crimes committed in office.
U.S. District Judge Tanya Chutkan’s Monday decision to place a gag order on former President Donald Trump in the case related to January 6 is “an absolute abomination,” a spokesperson for the 45th president told Breitbart News.
Almost $10 million was raised for former President Donald Trump’s campaign in the wake of his indictment, Trump announced on Truth Social this week.
Rep. Matt Gaetz introduced the PENCIL Resolution on Thursday, which would bar Rep. Adam Schiff from accessing classified information.
Former President Donald J. Trump is set to host the first public event for his 2024 presidential campaign later this month in South Carolina, one of the earliest states to hold its Republican primary.
Schools that embrace Critical Race Theory (CRT) and “gender insanity” will lose federal funding, President Donald Trump’s updated campaign website states, vowing to protect parental rights at the federal level.
A former FBI agent involved in the investigation into the Trump campaign is now reportedly under investigation himself for alleged ties to Russia.
Former President Donald Trump, his campaign, and the Republican National Committee won a round on Friday in federal court against the NAACP and associated plaintiffs, who sued over Trump’s efforts to challenge the vote count in several states.
National Security Adviser Jake Sullivan’s role in pushing claims of Trump campaign collusion with Russia is under fresh scrutiny.
Dominion Voting Systems filed a lawsuit against pro-Trump attorney Sidney Powell on Friday for defamation after she alleged in numerous reports and interviews the company was tied to election fraud in the 2020 presidential election.
The Trump campaign and Republican face several remaining court battles in states  the president needs to flip to win re-election.
Lawyer Sidney Powell said in a statement Sunday evening via Gen. (Ret.) Michael Flynn that said she understood the Trump campaign’s statement that she is not part of the campaign’s legal team and she is proceeding to file an “epic” lawsuit this week.
Ellis blasted the establishment media coverage of the campaign’s fight over the integrity of the 2020 presidential election as “fake news.”
Rudy Giuliani and other lawyers representing President Donald Trump’s campaign outlined their case Thursday that the Nov. 3 presidential election was so deeply flawed in several key states that the results should be overturned in the president’s favor.
The Georgia GOP, Tea Party Patriots, and the Trump campaign believe Georgia’s recount is lacking several key components to ensure accuracy and credibility.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
