Headline:
 USA Today 

Article Text:
 The Tampa Bay Times joined a growing number of news publications in announcing that they would not be endorsing Vice President Kamala Harris, according to the publication’s editorial board.
USA Today became the latest publication to snub Vice President Kamala Harris with a non-endorsement in the 2024 presidential election.
Kamala Harris and Tim Walz continue to repeat the lie that Trump wants to create a federal abortion “monitor” or “coordinator” despite numerous fact-checks — not only by Breitbart News, but also by USA Today, and Snopes.
Mainstream media outlets, including CNN, NBC, and USA Today, are facing intense backlash for what have been called misleading and “vile” headlines about the brutal murder of six hostages held by Hamas in Gaza.
Two polls show a proposed abortion amendment in Florida falling short of the 60 percent support needed for passage.
‘USA Today’ secretly deleted a previously published op ed that spoke in opposition to transgender athletes with notification to its author.
The U.S. sports betting industry pulled in revenues of $10.9 billion last year, a nearly 45 percent increase from the previous year.
Former President Donald Trump leads President Joe Biden by two points nationally in a hypothetical head-to-head race and is dominating his opponents in the Republican primary field, according to a national USA Today-Suffolk University poll published Monday.
During a Friday appearance on MSNBC, Al Sharpton bemoaned the inability to secure more gun control and claimed there would be no mass killings without “mass instruments.”
LGBTQ radicals reportedly deluged Target with bomb threats in retaliation to the retail giant pulling back on some of its Pride Month merchandise after significant backlash.
USA Today sports columnist Nancy Armour smeared ESPN broadcaster Sam Ponder for daring to defend women’s sports.
Florida Republican Gov. Ron DeSantis is doing the “white thing” by eliminating Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) initiatives in higher education, according to a recent USA Today piece that is facing accusations of “racism” for its take on the matter.
The New York Times and USA Today complied with radical gender ideology by apologizing for correctly identifying the Nashville Christian School shooting suspect as a woman.
Greetings such as “aloha” and “shalom” are “culturally sensitive” and their use could “come off as mockery,” according to a recent USA Today piece.
“Now 40% of Hispanics and 21% of Blacks are backing the Republican” party, reports the far-left USA Today.
Mike Freeman, a sports columnist for USA Today, is blasting doubters of the alleged racist heckling at BYU, calling them conspiracy theorists.
The China Daily, a Chinese Communist Party-controlled outlet, has paid over $1 million to establishment outlets that support the Journalism Competition and Preservation Act (JCPA).
Embattled Rep. Liz Cheney (R-WY) is in danger of losing the August 16 Republican primary to Trump-endorsed Harriet Hageman, the establishment media acknowledged over the weekend.
USA Today removed 23 articles from its website after an internal investigation found that one of its reporters fabricated sources.
Gannett, America’s largest newspaper chain, is cutting back on telling its readers what to think due to what must be an alarming number of subscription cancellations.
Two-time failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton promoted the January 6 hearing Thursday amid media fears that few will actually watch the primetime airing.
USA Today op-ed writer Michael J. Stern celebrated the destruction of Florida Rep. Joe Harding’s home by a tornado.
The top executives at USA Today have declared that a man is one of “USA TODAY’s Women of the Year,” even though polls show that the vast majority of Americans reject the claim that a man can become a woman.
Dr. Rachel Levine, the transgender assistant secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS), has been named one of USA Today’s ‘Women of the Year.
On February 22, 2022, USA Today pointed out that Second Amendment groups are rolling back gun control with a multi-faceted lawsuit strategy that is winning the day.
USA Today has been getting roasted on social media for attempting to destigmatize pedophilia, portraying it as originating inside the womb.
USA Today columnist Michael J. Stern appeared to mock the death of Washington State Senator Doug Ericksen (R) on Saturday.
Allowing noncitizens to vote is “legally sound,” a “smart policy,” “good for democracy,” and even “rooted in both American tradition and ideals,” according to a USA Today columnist.
A USA Today/Suffolk University survey released this month found nearly half of registered voters oppose the teaching of Critical Race Theory (CRT) in schools.
Facebook “fact checkers” including USA Today, Reuters, and Lead Stories, are “fact checking” a video clip on Instagram of Joe Biden caressing his grandson a a funeral, alleging that the clip is “missing context” even when no description has been added. The fact checkers are adding warning labels to the post across Facebook and Instagram.
If you want to understand just how much American political fortunes have changed over a few short months, a gander at favorability ratings will help you along.
Democrat President Joe Biden’s approval rating keeps sinking, now down to 37.8 percent in the latest USA Today/Suffolk University poll. The sharp turn against the sitting president comes as Republicans take a commanding lead in the generic congressional ballot, and the public sours on Biden’s agenda.
Several establishment media outlets coordinated the release of document disclosures in a giant and secret, now-defunct online chat group, hidden from the public, a series of recent reports reveals.
Country music icon Travis Tritt took to Twitter to thank the Atlanta Braves for refusing “to be bullied” by “wing nut cancel culture’ after he sang the National Anthem before game six of Major League Baseball’s National League Championship Series (NLCS) between the Braves and Dodgers.
USA Today reporter Daniel Funke has taken a beating on social media following his false report defending President Joe Biden against claims that he repeatedly checked his watch during the dignified transfer ceremony last Sunday.
This week, as Gold Star families mourned the loss of their loved ones whose lives were taken in service to the United States, USA Today felt it necessary to fact-check the claim that President Joe Biden repeatedly eyed his watch during the dignified transfer ceremony.
USA Today on Wednesday demanded honesty from President Joe Biden over the White House’s conflicting communications about Afghan intelligence reports.
USA Today’s Nancy Armour said, “you’re not an American” if you rooted against the woke U.S. Women’s National Team (USWNT).
Columnist Mike Freeman blasted the NFL for making a show of observing Juneteenth but not using the holiday to reflect on its own racist acts.
In a USA Today opinion piece published Monday, columnist Steven Petrow calls on Fox News to fire host Tucker Carlson, after blaming the conservative news personality for an uncomfortable “run-in” with a stranger who ridiculed his unnecessary outdoor mask wearing.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
