Headline:
 War Room 

Article Text:
 Matt Boyle and Steve Bannon talk about the future of America in Donald Trump’s new administration.
Steve Bannon is more “energized” than ever to help Trump return to the White House, he told listeners during his opening monologue on the War Room.
House Speaker Mike Johnson (R-LA) should direct the Sergeant at Arms to arrest FBI Director Christopher Wray if he refuses to provide information on the assassination attempts on former President Donald Trump, Breitbart News Washington Bureau Chief Matthew Boyle said during an appearance on War Room Monday.
The assassination attempts on former President Donald Trump have happened “too many times” to be a coincidence, Breitbart News Washington Bureau Chief Matthew Boyle said during an appearance on War Room.
Jim McCollum, the father of Marine Corps Lance Cpl. Rylee McCollum, who was one of the 13 service members killed during the 2021 Abbey Gate bombing, criticized Vice President Kamala Harris for having “nothing on her record that shows leadership.”
Gold Star families said Vice President Kamala Harris’s attack on former President Donald Trump has made them a “target for a lot of hate.”
Vice President Kamala Harris’s decision to ignore Gold Star families who lost their loved ones in the Biden administration’s disastrous Afghanistan withdrawal shows that she believes “service members are disposable,” Christy Shamblin, mother-in-law of Sgt. Nicole L. Gee, said during an appearance on War Room with guest host, Breitbart News Washington Bureau Chief Matthew Boyle.
One of the parents of the 13 fallen United States service members who were killed during the Biden administration’s withdrawal from Afghanistan dismissed claims that there had been an altercation between Trump campaign officials and a cemetery worker at Arlington National Cemetery.
Former President Donald Trump and Sen. JD Vance should blitz the working class leading up to the election and make their case for rebuilding their communities, Breitbart News Washington bureau chief Matthew Boyle said during an appearance on ‘War Room,’ speaking to Peter Navarro, emphasizing that Vice President Kamala Harris is “inauthentic on the issues.”
A stream of leaks has beset Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis’s 2024 presidential campaign as messaging coordination chats reveal controversy.
Republican Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (GA) said it is a “risky” and “bad strategy” to try and challenge Rep. Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) for speaker of the House.
Steve Bannon, the former Trump White House chief strategist and host of the popular “War Room” podcast, is predicting the new movie “My Son Hunter” will only grow in importance and stature when Congress holds hearings into the corruption surrounding Hunter Biden and his numerous overseas business deals.
Laurence Fox, the star of the movie “My Son Hunter,” has blasted the character he plays — first son Hunter Biden — for his “appalling” behavior that included peddling his father’s influence in order to score lucrative business in countries hostile to the U.S. In an interview on Steve Bannon’s popular “War Room” podcast this week, Laurence Fox took Hunter Biden to task for his frequently reckless behavior.
Steve Bannon, former Trump White House chief strategist and host of the popular “War Room” podcast, has seen “My Son Hunter” and his verdict is an unqualified rave, calling it an “absolute brilliant film” that “everybody’s got to watch.”
LPGA champ Michelle Wie responded to mentions of her and her undergarments during a story told by Rudy Giuliani during a podcast Thursday. Giuliani told a story of an incident that happened when he and the late radio legend Rush Limbaugh played in charity fundraiser golf tournament alongside Wie in 2014, and how the media seemed to pay more attention to Wie than the two men.
Politico recently profiled Facebook’s new “European election war room” ahead of upcoming E.U. elections.
Breitbart News previously reported that Facebook had set up a “war room” to prepare for the upcoming midterm elections, now the mainstream media has been given an inside look at the company’s command center for controlling information ahead of the election.
TEL AVIV – The Israeli military has set up a “war room” to handle the wave of “kite terror” emanating from the Gaza Strip, which the IDF says the Hamas terror group is coordinating.
Left-wing political operative and close Hillary Clinton ally David Brock once tried to destroy Breitbart News. Now he is seeking funding to develop the “Breitbart of the left,” according to a report from The Hill.
Sony’s small budget faith-based drama War Room, a film about the power of prayer, pushed three-week champion Straight Outta Compton out of the top spot, winning the final weekend of the summer box office season.
Alex Kendrick, writer, producer, director and star of the recently released faith-based movie War Room, has to be pleased with the reception accorded his latest project.
Straight Outta Compton was the big winner at the box office for the third straight week, but not far behind, the indie Christian picture War Room took the weekend’s second spot.
From filmmakers Alex and Stephen Kendrick, the makers of Courageous and Fireproof, comes War Room.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
