Headline:
 2028 L.A. Olympics Chair, A Democrat Megadonor Linked to Epstein, Accused Of Affairs With Staff While Married 

Article Text:
 A powerful media executive who is the chairman of the 2028 Olympic Games in Los Angeles has been accused of having multiple affairs with women who worked for him while he was married.
The Daily Mail reported that 50-year-old Casey Wasserman, CEO of Wasserman, a leading sports and entertainment agency, allegedly had “a chronic condition of sleeping with people who work for him.”
Wasserman, who has given millions of dollars to the Democrat Party and had ties to notorious child sex predator Jeffrey Epstein, allegedly “love bombed” the women whom he had romantic interest in, showering them with lavish gifts that included designer items and Range Rovers.
“When he dumped me I was in shock and disbelief that he could go from 100 to zero in just hours,” one alleged former mistress of his told the British tabloid. “I truly think he underestimates the pain and long-term damage he causes women like me who believed him.”
Guests who attended his birthday party earlier this summer included former president Bill Clinton, ex-House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA), California Democrat Governor Gavin Newsom, and Vice President Kamala Harris’ husband Doug Emhoff.
His alleged affairs started approximately five years into his marriage with his wife Laura Ziffren, according to some of the nearly dozen sources who spoke to the publication. Ziffren filed for divorce in 2021.
WATCH THE TRAILER FOR ‘AM I RACIST?’ — MATT WALSH’S EXPOSÉ ON DEI
The women with whom he is accused of having affairs include various assistants ranging from secretaries to his former private jet flight attendants.
The Daily Mail obtained an email that one of his mistresses allegedly sent to his wife, which was “widely shared” among his friends, that said: “Him and I have been together for 7 years which he’s lied to you about. He f***ed me in your bed at Redford. And also robin. And also Cancun in the house. You should know all he’s done to you. Multiple ti[m]es on the plane with you in the back.”
“He f***ed Christine multiple times. And have relationship w[i]th Patricia who still works for multiple times for years,” the email added.
One of the women who was accused of sleeping with him said that the allegation was false.
A friend of his told the publication that he was a “s*** husband,” but that he was a “completely devoted dad” who “loves his kids deeply and profoundly.”
Wasserman’s team did not provide comment for the story, the report said.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
