Headline:
 Black Lives Matter Rejects Anointment Of Kamala Harris As Nominee 

Article Text:
 The Black Lives Matter Organization has rejected the apparent anointment of Vice President Kamala Harris as the Democratic presidential nominee.
In a tweet, the organization first listed the series of events leading up to the likely nomination of Harris, then proceeded to harshly criticize the route the Democratic Party had taken to ensure her nomination, deciding to nominate her although she had won no delegates in the primaries.
“A 24-hour process of talking to party bosses is not democratic, nor is it a process Democrats should be proud of,” BLM tweeted. “We do not live in a dictatorship. Delegates are not oligarchs. Installing Kamala Harris as the Democratic nominee and an unknown vice president without any public voting process would make the modern Democratic Party a party of hypocrites. We call on the @DNC to create a process that allows for public participation in the nomination process, not just a nomination by party delegates.”
Timeline of Events
Sunday•Joe Biden drops out.•Kamala Harris announces campaign with Biden endorsement.•Kamala Harris says she is going to work hard to earn the nomination.•Kamala Harris makes calls to party delegates.
Monday•Kamala Harris continues making calls to… pic.twitter.com/ZxzyxegZin
— Black Lives Matter (BLM) (@Blklivesmatter) July 23, 2024

“Black Lives Matter is demanding the DNC immediately host an informal, virtual snap primary across the country prior to the DNC convention in August, just hours after VP Kamala Harris secured enough delegates for the nomination,” journalist Kat Stafford reported.
NEW: Black Lives Matter is demanding the DNC immediately host an informal, virtual snap primary across the country prior to the DNC convention in August, just hours after VP Kamala Harris secured enough delegates for the nomination.https://t.co/yX9AMrjUZe
— Kat Stafford (@kat__stafford) July 23, 2024

In September 2020, as Black Lives Matter riots raged through the nation, Harris praised the “brilliance” of the group, declaring, “I always am going to interpret these protests as an essential component of evolution in our country.”
The call for a democratic process would seem to conflict with the perspective purveyed by at least two of the three chief founders of BLM, Alicia Garza and Patrisse Cullors, who have professed fealty to Marxism. In 2015, Garza said that “social movements all over the world have used Marx and Lenin as a foundation to interrupt these systems that are really negatively impacting the majority of people.” The same year, she stated it was “not possible for a world to emerge where black lives matter if it’s under capitalism, and it’s not possible to abol­ish capitalism without a struggle against national oppression.”
CLICK HERE TO GET THE DAILYWIRE+ APP
Cullors has stated baldly, “I do believe in Marxism. It’s a philosophy that I learned really early on in my organizing career.”
Cullors has said of herself and Garza, “We are trained Marxists.”
BLM deleted a page from its website that had propounded a theory that would fit well within a Marxist philosophy, stating, “We disrupt the Western-prescribed nuclear family structure requirement by supporting each other as extended families and ‘villages’ that collectively care for one another, especially our children, to the degree that mothers, parents, and children are comfortable.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
