Headline:
 Harris Picks Walz For VP. I Am Delighted — The Mask Is Off. 

Article Text:
 Ask me if anti-Semitism is bad, and the answer is yes. But you know what is worse? Lies.
Kamala Harris’s pick as her vice-presidential candidate is Minnesota Governor Tim Walz.
I am delighted.
There are many reasons I am pleased about this, the biggest being that the mask is off.
Harris has been attempting to present herself as a moderate. She keeps switching all of her positions. She sends out her surrogates to pretend she doesn’t hold the positions now that she held four years ago.
But now, we can openly see that is false. All she wants is to please her radical base. She is absolutely ignoring the moderate votes she needs to win in order to please a base of people who are radical. She has opened herself up wide to every attack on her radicalism by picking Walz.
There was another pick that was available, someone everyone expected she would pick: Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro.
Pennsylvania has 18 electoral votes. Shapiro has a 61% approval rating in Pennsylvania. It would have been a very easy pick — a super, super, simple pick — for Kamala Harris.
We know why she didn’t pick Shapiro: because he’s a Jew.
It’s that simple. Everyone knows this. Democrats know this. Republicans know this.
Before we even get to the insanity of picking Tim Walz, understanding the insanity of not picking Shapiro is critical. I’m delighted today because Shapiro is a very talented politician; he has portrayed himself successfully in Pennsylvania, a purple state, as a moderate, getting the approval of six in 10 voters in a swing state.
But Harris overlooked him because she didn’t want to anger her pro-Hamas base. It is that simple. She has too many radicals in her base who don’t want the Jew. Shapiro is a semi-observant Jew who had expressed his Zionist bona fides, and this was very bad. This could not be accepted.
In fact, in expectation of possibly being picked by Harris, Shapiro had already started to moderate his positions on Israel in an attempt to please the Democrats’ pro-Hamas base. Back when he was 20, he wrote a piece that said something perfectly obvious: There would be no Palestinian state because the Palestinians are far too radicalized and want the destruction of the state of Israel.
But over the course of the last three days, he tried to walk that back. He basically tried to say, “Well, I don’t believe that anymore. I believe in a two-state solution.”
Even some Democrats admitted Harris didn’t pick Shapiro because he is a Jew. Jared Moskowitz from Florida stated, “Josh’s position on Israel is almost identical to everybody else, but he’s being held to a different standard. So you have to ask yourself why.”
Debbie Wasserman Schultz in Florida, said, “It has been very noticeable that of all of the people that she is carefully considering, that the only Jewish candidate is getting excruciating, very specific scrutiny, particularly around his positions on Israel.”
House Democrat Jake Auchincloss from Massachusetts said it was pretty obvious that Democrats were attacking Shapiro based on the fact he is a Jew.
This is great. And the reason it’s great is because clarity is a good thing. I’m very pleased by the fact the Democratic Party has been so clear on this: They can have somebody who is at least titularly pro-Israel in Tim Walz — so long as he’s not a Jew.
It’s the Jew from the swing state — who Harris needs to win and is currently running in a dead heat with Trump — who could not be picked for one simple reason.
Much is unveiled by the Tim Walz pick. Number one, the Democrats can’t have a Jew. Number two, Harris is a full-scale radical.
Remember, Walz is Bernie Sanders from Minnesota. He’s Bernie Sanders with the Fargo accent. A radical leftist.
The pick is mind-bogglingly stupid; that’s why I’m so excited about it. The first rule of a vice presidential pick is do-no-harm — to yourself. Harris also could have picked a governor from a popular swing state, such as Governor Gretchen Whitmer in Michigan.
Kamala Harris is always Kamala Harris. Obnoxious, arrogant, radical, stupid. This is a stupid campaign move, a full-scale, full-stop, stupid campaign move by Kamala Harris.
Ask me if anti-Semitism is bad, and the answer is yes. But you know what is worse?
Lies.
And it is a lie that the Democratic Party is not full-scale comfortable with anti-Semitism. It is a lie that Kamala Harris is a moderate.
Here’s the Democratic ticket: a woman who favored bailing out Black Lives Matter rioters and a governor who let those Black Lives Matter rioters completely wreck Minneapolis.
Walz acknowledged the “abject failure” of his response to the violent protests that burned down the city of Minneapolis. The city looked like a war zone because Walz, among other Democratic politicians in the state of Minnesota, decided it was absolutely necessary to allow rioters to burn down streets, loot stores, shoot people in the name of racial justice, take over police stations, and tear apart the city.
He said, “Minneapolis and St. Paul are on fire. The fire is still smoldering in our streets. The ashes are symbolic of decades and generations of pain, of anguish unheard.”
Poetic language about people burning down the biggest city in his state. Well done, Tim Walz.
He intoned, “These are things that have been brewing in this country for 400 years.” He reluctantly said, “We can’t have the looting and the recklessness,” but he didn’t send the National Guard until the city had basically been taken over and destroyed.
Walz wants driver’s licenses for illegal immigrants in the state of Minnesota. He wants restoration of voting rights for felons.
You cannot find a person who is more radical than Tim Walz.
One week ago, on the White Dudes for Harris Zoom call, Walz said, “One person’s socialism is another person’s neighborliness.”
That would come as a shock to anyone who used to live in Cuba, where socialism was another word for “your neighbor comes and shoots you in the face.”
The fact that Harris picked Walz is such a gift to Trump.
He should run ads with Harris and Walz’s records all day long.
They are the most radical ticket in American history — by far.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
