Headline:
 JOHNSON: Netanyahu Speech Disruptors Will Be Arrested 

Article Text:
 House Speaker Mike Johnson is warning anyone who disrupts Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s Wednesday address to Congress that they will be arrested.
In a letter to lawmakers, Johnson emphasized congressional decorum rules and said there is a “zero-tolerance” policy for disruptions from members’ guests.
“If any disturbance does occur, the Sergeant at Arms and Capitol Police will remove the offending visitor(s) from the gallery and subject them to arrest,” Johnson wrote.
People who disrupt Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s speech tomorrow will face arrest, according to a letter sent today by Speaker Mike Johnson. pic.twitter.com/SlCLfpTNdM
— Kassy Akiva (@KassyDillon) July 23, 2024
If a lawmaker creates a disturbance, they will be asked to cease by the Sergeant at Arms.
Protestors are planning demonstrations outside the Capitol during Netanyahu’s visit, including a planned 5,000 person “march” demanding the Israeli prime minister’s arrest.
Vice President Kamala Harris, now the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, will not preside over Netanyahu’s speech, opting instead to attend an event for the historically-black Zeta Phi Beta sorority, the Times of Israel reported. Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman Ben Cardin will preside over the joint session instead.
House Speaker Mike Johnson accused Harris of “abandoning her seat” and called her absence “inexcusable.”
Nearly 60 Democrats skipped Netanyahu’s last address to Congress, a 2015 speech on Iran. More lawmakers are expected to skip Wednesday’s speech in light of the war in Gaza, the Associated Press reports.
Hundreds of anti-Israel protesters gathered inside the Capitol’s Cannon building on Tuesday, causing staff and interns to barricade themselves in their offices, Fox News reported. Several demonstrators were arrested.
Johnson said that there will be an increased police presence around the Capitol complex and the House Chamber.
Netanyahu is slated to speak at 2:00 p.m. EST.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
