Headline:
 Kamala Harris Made A Damning Planned Parenthood Video Disappear. Now, It’s Public. 

Article Text:
 Never before seen footage showing a Planned Parenthood employee appearing to discuss the sale of aborted babies’ body parts was released Tuesday, years after now-Vice President Kamala Harris seized the footage as Attorney General of California.
The five-minute video shows a conversation between a person identified as Dr. Stacy De-Lin, Planned Parenthood New York City Medical Director for Abortion Services, and an undercover reporter with the Center for Medical Progress (CMP). During their conversation, De-Lin seems to acknowledge that Planned Parenthood would sell the livers of aborted babies.
In one clip, De-Lin is told by a CMP investigator that she “could pay you $1,000, up to $1,500 for a liver.”
“Yeah, that’s great,” De-Lin responds. “I think a financial incentive from you guys like, to the people we have to get this approved from, will be very happy about it,” according to the video shared by CMP.
▶️WATCH: In new full undercover video, Planned Parenthood NYC seeks $1,500 “financial incentive” per aborted fetal liver, which can be harvested from “intact D&Es”—criminal partial-birth abortions.@KamalaHarris seized this footage to cover up for @PPFApic.twitter.com/6pbuo7kpHe
— David Daleiden (@daviddaleiden) July 31, 2024

Harris’ office confiscated footage in a 2016 raid on CMP President David Daleiden’s California home, two weeks after meeting with Planned Parenthood officials and after the organization had specifically requested the computers used for the undercover videos to be seized.
WATCH BEN SHAPIRO’S ‘SCAMALA: KAMALA HARRIS UNMASKED’ ON DAILYWIRE+
The full videos show why they did, Daleiden says.
“You can see just from the first video why Planned Parenthood tried so hard to cover this up for eight years,” Daleiden told The Daily Wire on Wednesday. “They spent years and millions of taxpayer dollars trying to make sure that the admissions on these undercover tapes never see the light of day.”
A federal judge in 2016 blocked CMP from sharing the full confiscated video for eight years. Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (R-GA) obtained the video through a subpoena earlier this year. Her office began publishing clips of the videos earlier this year, and released the full footage on Tuesday.
In the video, De-Lin appears to admit that Planned Parenthood New York City engaged in illegal abortions, saying that they will do “fully intact” dilation and evacuation abortions, which fall in the category of partial-birth abortions.
“We certainly do intact D&Es,” De-Lin says, after the undercover investigator said she would pay more for intact unborn babies.
According to Daleiden, the full video is “too incriminating to explain away.”
“There’s really no way that they can spin this stuff anymore. There’s no way that they can explain away admissions that are this stark and this obvious from their own top level leadership,” Daleiden said.
“And that’s why they went, eight years ago, to such incredible lengths to ask Kamala Harris when she was Attorney General of California to use the powers of her office to raid my home, try to seize all the original copies of the undercover footage, and prevent it from continuing to be published,” Daleiden continued.
De-Lin, who now works at Planned Parenthood Hudson Peconic, did not respond to a phone call or email asking for comment on the videos. Planned Parenthood also did not return a request for comment.
Daleiden said that he expects lawmakers to release more previously blocked CMP videos in the coming weeks.
Harris has made abortion a key part of her 2024 campaign, attacking former President Donald Trump over the overturning of Roe v. Wade.
She has long been backed by Planned Parenthood and other pro-abortion groups, raking in tens of thousands of dollars in donations from the pro-abortion lobby throughout her career.
In 2020, Planned Parenthood Action released an ad campaign calling Harris “OUR Reproductive Health Champion.” That year, Planned Parenthood Votes published an article entitled “Nine Reasons to Love Kamala Harris.”

Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
