Headline:
 Kamala’s Nausea-Inducing Campaign Of ‘Joy’ 

Article Text:
 There’s an attempt to make Kamala Harris a wildly attractive and joyous candidate.
We’ve had a few key words from the Kamala Harris campaign, which have then been repeated ad nauseum by their Praetorian Guard in the media.
First, we had the word “weird” applied to Donald Trump and JD Vance. But it’s not “weird” for Harris to appear with drag queens or speak complete word coleslaw or randomly dance with schoolchildren. We had two and a half weeks of “weird,” complete with several lies about JD Vance.
Now, we have a new campaign buzzword: “joy.” The Harris-Walz campaign is the campaign of “joy.” Donald Trump and JD Vance? They’re just too dark.
They’re too dark because when they look at America right now, what they see is that America is in rough waters. They see an economy that is on the brink. They see a foreign policy that is completely disastrous and in full-scale meltdown. And that’s dark and terrible.
But Kamala Harris? She represents joy. She can’t help but dance. She can’t help but bubble over with enthusiasm for electric school buses and Venn diagrams. And Tim Walz is filled with joy. This is the new angle.
David Plouffe, who was brought on from the Obama campaign to redo the 2008 Barack Obama campaign for Harris, stated in an MSNBC interview, “The Trump-Vance ticket is just incredibly dark, negative about the country, kind of captured in the Fox bubble where you blame everybody for everything. And I think that’s a distinction. In my career in politics, which is longer than I’d like, joy alone won’t win you, but it’s a great combination with the right ideas and the right message and you’re out there, you like being with people you believe in this country. You know that we’ve got challenges, but you know we also have opportunities. And to be upbeat about that and to believe in this country, I think, is really, really important.”
That’s a lie. Democrats are not upbeat about the country. They believe America is systemically racist, deeply inequitable, and quite evil from its root. Both Kamala Harris and Tim Walz have said this in the past.
They’re not a party of deep feeling for the magic of the U.S. Constitution or for the American people, whom they malign, looking at half of them as outright racists.
But they’re going to paper over this unbelievably thin campaign with this pastiche of joy and happiness. You can feel it.
I have very sensitive taste buds, and I can taste fake sugar. I can taste it. I can’t have NutraSweet; it tastes bitter to me.
That applies to my political analysis as well. When I see the fake sugar that is being ladled all over the Kamala Harris campaign, it makes me want to vomit.
Watching Harris call Walz to notify him that he was going to be the running mate looked absolutely scripted with fake enthusiasm. The smiles are all pasted on Joker-style, as though she’s fallen into a bin of toxic waste that has left her with some sort of facial contortion.
But we’re supposed to pretend this is joy.
It’s such bumper-sticker pablum. Those who fall for it will deserve what they get.
This is the new campaign, the campaign of joy, laughter, and unicorns running through the meadows accompanied by fairies.
Is this a joyous time? Do most Americans feel like this is a joyful time in America? Are you getting that feeling? Because this is what they’re trying to tell you.
There isn’t that much Stevia or monk fruit in the world to gloss this one over.
* * *
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
