Headline:
 ‘Minnesota Or Somalia?’: VP Pick Tim Walz Changed ‘Problematic’ State Flag to Be More Inclusive 

Article Text:
 Democratic Gov. Tim Walz of Minnesota, who has been selected as Vice President Kamala Harris’s VP pick, helped change his state’s flag three months ago because it was “problematic.”
Walz helped appoint the Minnesota State Emblems Redesign Commission to change the flag, which he unveiled in May. The commission included 13 voting members and four non-voting members.
“Our current flag is problematic,” Walz said. “I think we all know that. We’ve evolved into a more diverse state and I think it’s more reflective of that.”
Tim Walz is the useful idiot who changed Minnesota’s state flag to resemble the Somalian flag. pic.twitter.com/gOkbj5S9Kl
— Brigitte Gabriel (@ACTBrigitte) August 6, 2024
The previous flag design, adopted in 1957, included an image of a settler tilling land as a native man rides horseback. According to CBS News, members of the State Emblem Redesign Commission said it was harmful to native communities and promoted the “erasure” of their people.
The new flag design caused a stir online, with some noticing a resemblance to the Somali flag and flags that represent regions in Somalia.
At the time, Daily Wire host Michael Knowles commented on the similarities in a clip titled “Minnesota or Somalia?”
Harris tapped Walz as her VP choice on Tuesday, sparking much reaction from the political world. Daily Wire Emeritus Ben Shapiro, for example, called the choice “political malpractice,” highlighting Walz’s radicalism.
WATCH THE TRAILER FOR ‘AM I RACIST?’ — A MATT WALSH COMEDY ON DEI
“Picking Walz is a massive gift to the Republicans. He’s a radical Leftist from a non-swing state with a long history of insane statements, who presided over the burning down of his state in 2020. Kamala picked him because he’s not a Jew, and she’s Too Online™,” Shapiro wrote on X.
Harris herself has staked out exceedingly far-Left positions before her latest run for the White House. Harris, for instance, previously supported an outright ban on fracking during her last presidential run, pushed for gun confiscation through a mandatory gun buyback program for up to ten million guns, endorsed a bill to eliminate private health insurance, and made statements supporting the “defund the police” movement. Now, though, Harris’ team, through the media, has backed away from all of those policy positions.
Related: VP Pick Walz Says He’s So Pro-Abortion That Nancy Pelosi Suggested He Moderate Stance
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
