Headline:
 Tim Walz Created DEI Council That Said America Was Systemically Racist 

Article Text:
 Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz pushed the far-left diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) agenda on his state as one of his very first actions in office, creating a diversity council that derided America as systemically racist and pushed for “anti-racist practices” as a solution to “whiteness.”
Shortly after assuming office in January 2019, Walz signed his first executive order, creating the One Minnesota Council on Diversity, Inclusion, and Equity.
“Disparities in Minnesota, including those based on race, geography, and economic status, keep our entire state from reaching its full potential,” Walz said at the time. He said the council would “establish goals and work collaboratively to address diversity, inclusion, and equity in state government practices, including recruiting, retaining and promoting state employees, state government contracting, and civic engagement.”
The governor’s council went on to outline its equity outlook agenda, which argued that the United States is systemically racist.
“The U.S. economy was built on the exploitation and occupational segregation of People of Color and American Indian People,” one presentation from the council argued. “Many people, governmental policies, and institutional practices have had a role in creating racial disparities.”
The race-based DEI ideology, which has become embedded throughout federal and state governments in recent years, holds that the United States is systematically racist, and that racial groups are either privileged or oppressed. DEI policies often result in discrimination and argue that any difference in group outcomes is necessarily the result of oppressive social, political, or economic structures.
The council also argued that anti-racist policies must be taken as a response to the role of whiteness in our society. “Our norms are grounded in Whiteness. Intentionality is needed to center anti-racist practices,” it said.
The One Minnesota Council also sought to mobilize the entirety of the state’s executive branch behind the far-left DEI agenda. The council used “diversity liaisons” to conduct an “equity inventory” of state departments, asking each to provide examples of their policies that “advance racial equity” and their legislative priorities pertaining to racial equity.
WATCH THE TRAILER FOR ‘AM I RACIST?’ — A MATT WALSH COMEDY ON DEI
Walz also appointed a “Chief Inclusion Officer” who is “expected to guide state agencies in hiring, promotion and seeking out a more diverse array of contractors.” The governor renewed the council in 2023, saying that “equity and inclusion remain top priorities of our administration.”
“We remain committed to centering the people most impacted by disparities based on race, geography, and economic status, and making sure that they are part of developing solutions to address those disparities,” Minnesota Lieutenant Governor Peggy Flanagan said.
Walz’s executive order also created the “Governor’s Community Council,” which works in conjunction with the One Minnesota Council to “implement equitable, inclusive, and effective practices for the State to address disparities, inequities, and systemic racism in our communities.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
