Headline:
 VP Pick Walz Says He’s So Pro-Abortion That Nancy Pelosi Suggested He Moderate Stance 

Article Text:
 Democrat vice presidential candidate Minnesota Governor Tim Walz once said that he was so pro-abortion that former House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) suggested that he moderate his position.
When Walz first ran for governor back in 2018, he joked about his extreme views on abortion.
“My record is so pro-choice Nancy Pelosi asked me if I should tone it down,” he said. “I stand with Planned Parenthood.”
Walz, who was in the House of Representatives from 2007 to 2019, has a 0% pro-life score from the National Right to Life. After he voted for a bill in 2018 that would protect babies who survive botched abortions, he apologized and said that he had accidentally voted for the measure.
“Accidentally voted for HR4712 today,” he said. “It was an honest mistake. I meant to vote NO, as I did on an identical bill last Congress. My apologies for the confusion. I’ll keep fighting for women’s access to health care.”
The bill would have required doctors to care for babies who were born alive after failed abortions and charge doctors with murder if they end the life of the baby outside of the womb.
WATCH THE TRAILER FOR ‘AM I RACIST?’ — A MATT WALSH COMEDY ON DEI
As governor, Walz signed a measure in January 2023 that effectively removed all restrictions on abortions. Republican lawmakers said the law would allow for abortions at any stage of pregnancy.
“Every individual has a fundamental right to make autonomous decisions about the individual’s own reproductive health, including the fundamental right to use or refuse reproductive health care,” the legislation said.
Walz’s selection has already drawn criticism from pro-life advocates who say that a Harris-Walz administration would be radical on abortion.
“If elected, a Harris-Walz Administration would push for the most extreme abortion agenda policies of any administration,” said Carol Tobias, president of National Right to Life. “Kamala Harris and Tim Walz are both radically pro-abortion and see the lives of precious unborn babies as disposable inconveniences.”
The pick was also criticized by Susan B. Anthony President Marjorie Dannenfelser.
“Kamala Harris and Tim Walz make up the most pro-abortion presidential ticket America has ever seen. There is no daylight between them on this issue. Walz is no moderate when it comes to abortion,” she said, saying that he has signed legislation that “grossly expanding taxpayer-funded abortion, stripping away the state’s informed consent protections, and significantly weakening protections for babies born alive.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
