Headline:
 Walz Signed Exec Order Protecting Trans Procedures On Minors While Holding Hand Of Gender-Confused 12-Year-Old 

Article Text:
 Democratic presidential nominee Kamala Harris has chosen Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz as her running mate, a leftist who, last year, signed an executive order protecting life-altering gender procedures on minors in his state.
In March of 2023, Walz signed the order in response to numerous Republican states taking action to ban or curb gender procedures on minors. At the time, Walz said, “Protecting and supporting access to gender affirming health care is essential to being a welcoming and supportive state.” The governor signed his executive order while holding the hand of a 12-year-old boy who claims to be a girl.
Along with 12-year-old Hildie Edwards, Walz was joined by Lieutenant Governor Peggy Flanagan, who was wearing a shirt with a knife on it that read, “Protect Trans Kids.”
MN Governor @GovTimWalz signs a “gender-affirming” executive order to support transgender procedures.
By his side at the photo op…
A 12yo transgender child, a young boy, a little girl holding a stuffed animal, and his Lt Governor wearing a shirt with a knife on it 👇 pic.twitter.com/NuurOVMZ47
— Clarity (@covid_clarity) March 16, 2023

Under Walz’s order, people seeking gender procedures for themselves or their children will not face prosecution, according to the Minnesota Reformer. The order also directed state agencies to refuse approval for health insurance plans that do not cover gender procedures.
Walz has been celebrated by leftists for pushing policies deemed pro-LGBT.
“Governor Walz didn’t just rubber-stamp pro-LGBTQ legislation, he held celebrations and celebratory signings for things like the trans refuge bill that some governors might sign quietly,” said Kat Rohn, executive director of the LGBT advocacy group, OutFront Minnesota. “That’s a really important quality for LGBTQ folks to see, that this is not something that is just necessary, but it’s something to celebrate and something that can be a winning issue.”
WATCH THE TRAILER FOR ‘AM I RACIST?’ — A MATT WALSH COMEDY ON DEI
“Tim Walz has definitely showcased what is possible. He’d be a great asset to the ticket,” Sean Meloy, vice president of political programs at the LGBT Victory Fund, added.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
