Headline:
 WATCH: Walz’s Wife Said She Kept Windows Open To Smell ‘Burning Tires’ During George Floyd Riots 

Article Text:
 The wife of Democrat VP-pick Tim Walz said during an interview in 2020 that she kept her windows open for as long as she could so she could smell the burning of tires rioters set on fire during the Minneapolis-area riots in response to the death of George Floyd.
During the 2020 riots, cities like Minneapolis burned, costing hundreds of millions of dollars in damage. Gov. Walz has been criticized for his slow response to the destruction and violence by the left-wing protesters.
“We had more sleepless nights during the riots,” Gwen Walz told an ABC News affiliate back in July 2020. “I could smell the burning tires, and that was a very real thing. I kept the windows open as long as I could because I felt like that was such a touchstone of what was happening.”
The clip of Gwen’s comments has gone viral in the wake of VP Kamala Harris choosing Walz as her running mate.
Daily Wire host Matt Walsh commented on the clip, writing, “Everything you need to know about leftist elites can be found in this short clip. Tim Walz’s wife sat by the window enjoying the smell of poor neighborhoods burning during the Floyd riots. She did everything but pull out a fiddle.”
WATCH:
Everything you need to know about leftist elites can be found in this short clip. Tim Walz’s wife sat by the window enjoying the smell of poor neighborhoods burning during the Floyd riots. She did everything but pull out a fiddle.
pic.twitter.com/IVJYORX4vu
— Matt Walsh (@MattWalshBlog) August 6, 2024
Notably, Walz admitted in the spring of 2020 that there was an “abject failure” in the response to the rioters who burned businesses and a police precinct.
WATCH THE TRAILER FOR ‘AM I RACIST?’ — A MATT WALSH COMEDY ON DEI
“Minneapolis and St. Paul are on fire,” Walz said during a press conference. “The fire is still smoldering in our streets. The ashes are symbolic of decades and generations of pain, of anguish unheard.”
He added that he received a call from a state senator who told him that her district was “on fire, no police, no firefighters, no social control, constituents locked in houses wondering what they were going to do.”
“That is an abject failure that cannot happen,” Walz said
Zach Jewell contributed to this report
Related: ‘I Did It … He Dropped Out’: Vance Blasts Walz For Ducking Combat In Iraq
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
