Headline:
 Beyoncé Didn’t Perform At DNC Despite Report, TMZ Admits ‘We Got This One Wrong’ 

Article Text:
 
Despite a report that Beyoncé would make a surprise appearance at the last night of the Democratic National Convention, it all turned out to be false.
The entertainment news outlet TMZ admitted the outlet screwed up for reporting the rumor, subsequently fanning the flames.
“To quote the great Beyonce: We gotta lay our cards down, down, down … we got this one wrong,” the official TMZ X account posted Thursday night.
Despite a report that Beyoncé would make a surprise appearance at the last night of the Democratic National Convention, it all turned out to be false.
The entertainment news outlet TMZ admitted the outlet screwed up for reporting the rumor, subsequently fanning the flames.
“To quote the great Beyonce: We gotta lay our cards down, down, down … we got this one wrong,” the official TMZ X account posted Thursday night.
“Beyoncé was never scheduled to be there,” a rep told The Hollywood Reporter. “The report of a performance is untrue.”
Tickets for “Am I Racist?” are on sale NOW! Buy here for a theater near you.
Rumors of a guest appearance from the 32-time Grammy Award winner made sense after the artist allowed Vice President Kamala Harris to use two of her songs for her campaign, including “Lemonade” and “Freedom.”
Recently, representatives for the artist reportedly sent a cease and desist letter to Republican nominee Donald Trump’s campaign advising him to stop using her song “Freedom” in his promotional material, as The Daily Wire previously reported.
While plenty of celebrities don’t do official political endorsements, Beyoncé is an exception. The 42-year-old recording artist endorsed the Joe Biden/Harris ticket in 2020 and put on a performance celebrating Hillary Clinton in 2016. Beyoncé also performed at Barack Obama’s second inauguration in 2013.
Taylor Swift’s fans were also hoping for a surprise appearance from the star, but they, too, were left disappointed.
Instead of Beyoncé or Swift, the main musical act of Thursday night was pop singer Pink, accompanied by her 13-year-old daughter, Willow. The duo played her 2017 single “What About Us” before Harris took the stage for her acceptance speech.
WATCH THE TRAILER FOR ‘AM I RACIST?’ — A MATT WALSH COMEDY ON DEI
The Chicks also played an a cappella version of “The Star Spangled Banner” during Thursday’s events at the DNC.
Other musical performances throughout the week included Stevie Wonder, John Legend with Sheila E., and country singer Maren Morris. Rapper Lil Jon appeared Tuesday to perform “Turn Down for What” and a politics-themed remix of “Get Low.”
Jason Isbell, Patti LaBelle, Mickey Guyton, and Common with Jonathan McReynolds also contributed to the musical acts of the week.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
