Headline:
 Commerce Secretary Gina Raimondo Suggests Trump Made Up Numbers That Biden’s Labor Dept Released 

Article Text:
 
Commerce Secretary Gina Raimondo was called out during a live interview on Wednesday for falsely suggesting that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump made up numbers that were released earlier in the day by President Joe Biden’s Bureau of Labor Statistics.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that job growth throughout the 12 months ending in March would be revised downward by 818,000 jobs, a hefty drop that is roughly equivalent to 0.5% of total jobs. The downward revision was the largest in decades.
When asked during an ABC News interview whether the damaging jobs report could hurt Democrat presidential nominee Vice President Kamala Harris’ campaign, Raimondo responded: “No, when I hear that, first of all, I don’t believe it because I have never heard Donald Trump saying anything truthful.”
Commerce Secretary Gina Raimondo was called out during a live interview on Wednesday for falsely suggesting that Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump made up numbers that were released earlier in the day by President Joe Biden’s Bureau of Labor Statistics.
The Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that job growth throughout the 12 months ending in March would be revised downward by 818,000 jobs, a hefty drop that is roughly equivalent to 0.5% of total jobs. The downward revision was the largest in decades.
When asked during an ABC News interview whether the damaging jobs report could hurt Democrat presidential nominee Vice President Kamala Harris’ campaign, Raimondo responded: “No, when I hear that, first of all, I don’t believe it because I have never heard Donald Trump saying anything truthful.”
The ABC News host quickly interjected: “It is, though, from the Bureau of Labor.”
“I don’t, I don’t, I’m not familiar with that,” Raimondo claimed.
Earlier in the week, Raimondo said the thing she hates the most about Republicans was “they just peddle bulls***.”
Trump slammed the revised jobs report in a social media post earlier in the day, calling it a “MASSIVE SCANDAL!”
Tickets for “Am I Racist?” are on sale NOW! Buy here for a theater near you.
“The Harris-Biden Administration has been caught fraudulently manipulating Job Statistics to hide the true extent of the Economic Ruin they have inflicted upon America,” Trump said. “New Data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that the Administration PADDED THE NUMBERS with an extra 818,000 Jobs that DO NOT EXIST, AND NEVER DID.”
“The real Numbers are much worse than that and, if Comrade Kamala gets another four years, millions more Jobs will VANISH overnight, and Inflation will completely destroy our Country,” he continued. “YOUR LIFE SAVINGS WILL BE WIPED OUT. With a TRUMP VICTORY, we will once again have the Greatest Economy in History.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
