Headline:
 Conservatives React To Donald Trump’s Post Promoting ‘Reproductive Rights’ 

Article Text:
 
Former President Donald Trump on Friday said on social media that a future Trump administration will be “great” for “reproductive rights,” setting off various reactions online.
Democrats have been laser-focused on the issue of abortion for upcoming elections, routinely falsely claiming that pro-life laws are responsible for hurting women and telling Americans that Trump wants to outlaw abortion in all cases, which is not Trump’s position.
Again addressing the issue on Friday, Trump wrote on Truth Social, “My administration will be great for women and their reproductive rights.”
Former President Donald Trump on Friday said on social media that a future Trump administration will be “great” for “reproductive rights,” setting off various reactions online.
Democrats have been laser-focused on the issue of abortion for upcoming elections, routinely falsely claiming that pro-life laws are responsible for hurting women and telling Americans that Trump wants to outlaw abortion in all cases, which is not Trump’s position.
Again addressing the issue on Friday, Trump wrote on Truth Social, “My administration will be great for women and their reproductive rights.”
The term “reproductive rights” is used synonymously with abortion by Democrats. It’s unclear if Trump meant the same; he did post five-plus hours later about “leading” on in vitro fertilization, or IVF. “The Republican Party is charging forward on many fronts, and I am very proud that we are a LEADER on I.V.F.,” he wrote.
Daily Wire co-founder Jeremy Boreing noted Trump’s pro-life legacy while deeming the “reproductive rights” post Trump’s “worst statement” since he first launched his campaign in 2015.
“The worst statement Donald Trump has made since he announced for the presidency in 2015,” Boreing wrote. “For better and for worse, Trump is philosophically malleable. His first term was perhaps the most pro-life in actual effect of any administration in our history. That is his legacy – if he will keep it.”
During Trump’s tenure in the White House, he appointed three of the five Supreme Court Justices who overturned the abortion ruling Roe v Wade, a feat pro-life activists have been working toward for decades.
“So perhaps [Trump] will yet walk this back,” Boreing added. “I certainly pray he does.”
Tickets for “Am I Racist?” are on sale NOW! Buy here for a theater near you.
The worst statement Donald Trump has made since he announced for the presidency in 2015.
For better and for worse, Trump is philosophically malleable. His first term was perhaps the most pro-life in actual effect of any administration in our history. That is his legacy – if he… https://t.co/CAXzHQTwcx
— Jeremy Boreing (@JeremyDBoreing) August 23, 2024
Conservative Allie Beth Stuckey commented, “Absolutely no one is thinking, ‘I’m this close to voting for Trump. If he makes one more pro-choice post, I am IN!’ I promise,” she wrote. “Winning no one and losing enough for it to matter.”
Absolutely no one is thinking, “I’m this close to voting for Trump. If he makes one more pro-choice post, I am IN!” I promise. Winning no one and losing enough for it to matter
— Allie Beth Stuckey (@conservmillen) August 24, 2024
Chief’s kicker Harrison Butker — who recently waded into the political space to much applause from the Right — urged Trump’s running mate JD Vance to help align the GOP with more strongly promoting life.
“No party or candidate is perfect,” Butker wrote on X. “I implore my fellow Catholic [JD Vance] to help bring the Republican Party back in line with the foundational platform that all life is valuable and there can be no compromise when it comes to defending the unborn.”
“However, with that said: ‘Our obligation is to vote for the lesser of two evils because voting for a lesser evil preserves the good that could be potentially lost,'” Butker added, quoting Father Chad Ripperger.
No party or candidate is perfect. I implore my fellow Catholic @JDVance to help bring the Republican Party back in line with the foundational platform that all life is valuable and there can be no compromise when it comes to defending the unborn. However, with that said:
“Our… pic.twitter.com/EkWg80dK1Q
— Harrison Butker (@buttkicker7) August 23, 2024
“On Trump’s troubling statement on ‘reproductive rights,’ here is my prayer: if he’s elected President, he will not give any ground on this issue, but will be as effectively pro-life as he was from 2016-20,” author Owen Strachan reacted. “Trump was the most consequentially pro-life President in history.”
On Trump’s troubling statement on “reproductive rights,” here is my prayer: if he’s elected President, he will not give any ground on this issue, but will be as effectively pro-life as he was from 2016-20.
Trump was the most consequentially pro-life President in history.
— Owen Strachan (@ostrachan) August 23, 2024
Back in April, Trump made clear that he believes the GOP should not press for federal pro-life legislation, arguing that Democrats “want this [issue of abortion] to simmer for as long a period of time as possible.”
“They are destroying our country, and they don’t want to talk about inflation, a bad economy, the horrible open border, rigged elections, Afghanistan, Ukraine/Russia, or the attack on Israel, all of which would never have happened if I were president,” Trump posted at the time.
“They love this issue, and they want to keep it going for as long as Republicans will allow them to do so,” he added. “Terminating Roe v. Wade was, according to all legal scholars, a great event, but sometimes with great events come difficulties. Many good Republicans lost elections because of this issue…”
Related: Trump Hits Back At Graham Over Abortion, Says Dems ‘Are Thrilled With Lindsey Because They Want This Issue To Simmer’
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
