Headline:
 Fox News Cut Trump Off For Gutfeld!, So Trump Called Gutfeld Live On Air 

Article Text:
 
A conversation between Fox News anchors Bret Baier, Martha MacCallum, and former President Donald Trump was abruptly cut off on Thursday night as the network cut to the beginning of Greg Gutfeld’s late-night show — so the former president called Gutfeld’s cell phone.
Trump was giving his response to Vice President Kamala Harris’ Democratic National Convention speech when Baier and MacCallum told him they had to move the programming over to “Gutfeld!”.
“That wasn’t my fault, Donald Trump. He’s still talking by the way,” Gutfeld joked at the beginning of his show.
A conversation between Fox News anchors Bret Baier, Martha MacCallum, and former President Donald Trump was abruptly cut off on Thursday night as the network cut to the beginning of Greg Gutfeld’s late-night show — so the former president called Gutfeld’s cell phone.
Trump was giving his response to Vice President Kamala Harris’ Democratic National Convention speech when Baier and MacCallum told him they had to move the programming over to “Gutfeld!”.
“That wasn’t my fault, Donald Trump. He’s still talking by the way,” Gutfeld joked at the beginning of his show.
Moments later, Trump called the late-night Fox News host.
“Mr. President, I’m live now, say hello to my audience. So don’t say anything that will get you in trouble!” Gutfeld said to the cheers of the live audience.
“At this point, what difference does it make?” Trump replied. “We’re doing well; we’re leading in the polls.”
Tickets for “Am I Racist?” are on sale NOW! Buy here for a theater near you.
The Republican nominee spoke for a few more seconds, commenting on the Democrats’ nomination of Harris and saying President Joe Biden was forced out of the race in a “coup.”
“Alright, Mr. P, I got to go!” Gutfeld said before ending the call and returning to his show’s scheduled programming.
WATCH:
This is awesome. Trump just called into Gutfeld live after Bret Baier and Martha MacCallum cut him off minutes earlier 😂
The man is an absolute legend. pic.twitter.com/9Pg9U6vdyg
— Patri0tsareinContr0l (@Patri0tContr0l) August 23, 2024
While Harris delivered her DNC address on Thursday night, Trump responded to it in real-time, firing off numerous posts on Truth Social. The nearly 40-minute-long speech focused on hammering Trump as the vice president mentioned his name a total of 16 times.
“Fellow Americans, this election is not only the most important of our lives, it is one of the most important in the life of our nation. In many ways, Donald Trump is an unserious man,” Harris said. “But the consequences — but the consequences of putting Donald Trump back in the White House are extremely serious.”
WATCH THE TRAILER FOR ‘AM I RACIST?’ — A MATT WALSH COMEDY ON DEI
Trump responded to Harris’ attacks, writing, “She’s done nothing for three and a half years but talk, and that’s what she’s doing tonight, she’s complaining about everything but doing nothing!” Trump wrote in one post. “She should leave the Speech right now, go to Washington, D.C., close the Border, allow fracking in Pennsylvania and other places, and start doing the things she’s complaining about aren’t done!”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
