Headline:
 Kamala Finally Agrees To Interview — Pre-Taped, With A Babysitter 

Article Text:
 
Despite what the media are saying right now, Kamala Harris is not running away with the presidential race; this race is effectively a dead heat. Nothing has changed since that sparkling Democratic National Convention.
A brand-new Yahoo News/YouGov poll shows Harris leads Donald Trump by one point in a head-to-head matchup among registered voters. The margin of error is three points, which means this is a dead heat. Not only that, but the previous Yahoo News/YouGov poll also found Harris and Trump tied at 46% apiece, which means she got no bounce from the DNC.
Why isn’t the media saying the race is a dead heat? The answer is: The media want you to believe this race is over.
Despite what the media are saying right now, Kamala Harris is not running away with the presidential race; this race is effectively a dead heat. Nothing has changed since that sparkling Democratic National Convention.
A brand-new Yahoo News/YouGov poll shows Harris leads Donald Trump by one point in a head-to-head matchup among registered voters. The margin of error is three points, which means this is a dead heat. Not only that, but the previous Yahoo News/YouGov poll also found Harris and Trump tied at 46% apiece, which means she got no bounce from the DNC.
Why isn’t the media saying the race is a dead heat? The answer is: The media want you to believe this race is over.
After weeks and weeks of sycophantic media coverage for Harris, the election is still a dead heat. That is the real news story.
And that means Harris is in real trouble.
It’s the reason why she is agonizing. It’s why her staff is having intense debates over exactly who should interview her, how, and where.
We are now at 39 days of zero questions asked of her, but we are supposed to be satisfied with an interview that she has now scheduled on CNN.
The media really don’t want her to do this. The amount of pressure that’s being put on Harris by the media to do a solo interview is essentially zero, which is why it hasn’t happened yet. If the media pushed a tsunami of coverage on why Harris is too much of a coward to do a one-on-one interview with, say, Lester Holt, then an interview would happen.
But they’re not pushing for questions or an interview because they are the stenographers for the message from the Democratic Party.
This should matter to the American people. If it doesn’t, it is to their great discredit because they should want some answers on what the prospective president of the United States thinks about issues.
But finally, the Harris-Walz campaign announced an interview.
It only demonstrated what a weakling she is.
The interview will be on CNN on Thursday night at 9:00 p.m. Eastern.
My gosh, we’re finally going to get a window into what she thinks!
Wrong.
It is not a solo interview. She will be joined by her babysitter, Coach Serial Liar Tim Walz.
She couldn’t do a one-on-one interview. She’s doing a double interview, and she is bringing along her vice-presidential nominee, presumably to help fill time and grin like a goofy-ass weirdo and make weird hand motions. That’s what they’re going to do.
She’s bringing along a babysitter. She’s the presidential nominee, the current frontrunner for the presidency. But she has to bring along a babysitter.
She can’t do a solo interview. She’s not capable of doing a solo interview. She can’t even go on a friendly podcast like Charlamagne tha God’s. She did it in 2019 and got her ass handed to her. She’s terrible at this.
So, she’s bringing along Coach Serial Liar. If she starts to wander off into word salad land, he can jump in with his communist enthusiasm and jabber nonsensically about how she is “joy.” That’s the entire shtick.
Proviso #1: Bring a babysitter who will eat up time for you.
Proviso #2: The interviewer must be pro-Harris and not confrontational. This time it will be CNN’s Dana Bash
There’s a reason CNN is not going with Jake Tapper, who at least pretends to be objective. They’re going with Bash because she is an openly partisan Democrat.
Proviso #3: The interview must be pre-taped so the Harris-Walz campaign can exert pressure on CNN to chop out anything that makes her look bad.
Spot the edits, gang. That’s going to be the game.
Pathetic.
Harris now proclaims inflation is running too hot. She’s the current vice president. Why didn’t she fix it or do something about it? She claims she wants to be strong on the border. So why didn’t she do it? She claims the United States has a serious housing crisis. So why didn’t she fix it?
Those are the simple questions Bash should ask.
And one more: Why is this schlub with you? Why is he here? We’ve been told that your vice presidency is completely irrelevant to your positional stances on issues, so why should we care what Coach Serial Liar has to say?
Note: The Harris campaign has openly admitted Walz has also not been allowed to do independent interviews one-on-one with anybody because they’re afraid he will say something that is at odds with their actual positions.
The reason they’re having them both in the room at the same time is so they get their stories straight. They wouldn’t want a prisoner’s dilemma where the two are separated and asked the same question but give different answers. She’s flipping her positions on and off like a light switch.
If Coach Serial Liar jumps in and starts to answer the questions, Dana Bash needs to say (if she were actually doing her job), “The question was for the presidential candidate, Mr. Walz.”
Good luck with that.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
