Headline:
 RFK Endorses Trump. Kamala’s Still Hiding. 

Article Text:
 
In a story the entire media downplayed, a third-party candidate in this presidential race who was earning anywhere from 4% to 8% in the race has endorsed Donald Trump.
I’m speaking, of course, of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Could RFK Jr. be the margin of victory for Trump by endorsing him? Absolutely. So what are the media doing? They’re absolutely downplaying him endorsing Trump.
In a story the entire media downplayed, a third-party candidate in this presidential race who was earning anywhere from 4% to 8% in the race has endorsed Donald Trump.
I’m speaking, of course, of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Could RFK Jr. be the margin of victory for Trump by endorsing him? Absolutely. So what are the media doing? They’re absolutely downplaying him endorsing Trump.
It was not only a very big moment for Kennedy to endorse Trump, but he also gave a barn burner of a speech, the first 15 minutes of which was one of the most articulate and directed assaults against the media and the Democrats I have ever heard.
Of course, when Kennedy started that, CNN cut to their own anchors. They pulled away from RFK in the middle of that historic announcement, specifically because he was assaulting them at the time.
He started by launching into the Democratic Party, which had basically barred him from any of the primaries in an attempt to cover up Biden’s senility. The Democratic Party rigged its primary rules to stop anyone from running seriously against Biden to ensure he’d get the nomination.
RFK Jr. called them out:
In the name of saving democracy, the Democratic Party set itself to dismantling it, lacking confidence in its candidate, that its candidate could win in a fair election at the voting booth. The DNC waged continual legal warfare against both President Trump and myself. … It ran a sham primary that was rigged to prevent any serious challenge to President Biden. Then, when a predictably bungled debate performance precipitated the palace coup against President Biden, the same shadowy DNC operatives appointed his successor, also without an election.
Totally correct.
Then, he went after the media and was spot-on again.
Over the course of more than a year in a campaign where my poll numbers reached at times in the high 20s, the DNC-allied mainstream media networks maintained a near-perfect embargo on interviews with me. During his 10-month presidential campaign in 1992, Ross Perot gave 34 interviews on mainstream networks. In contrast, during the 16 months since I declared, ABC, NBC, CBS, MSNBC, and CNN combined to give only two live interviews with me. Those networks instead ran a continuous daily stream of hit pieces with inaccurate, often vile pejoratives and defamatory smears. Some of those same networks colluded with the DNC to keep me off the debate stage.
Correct again.
Then, he formally endorsed Trump in the middle of the speech:
It’s with a sense of victory and not defeat that I am suspending my campaign activities. Not only did we do the impossible by collecting a million, we changed the national political conversation forever.
It is with a sense of victory, not defeat, that I am suspending my campaign activities. Not only did we do the impossible by collecting one million signatures, but we also changed the national political conversation forever. … and these are the principal causes that persuaded me to leave the Democratic Party and run as an independent, and now to throw my support to President Trump.
He listed free speech, the war in Ukraine, and the war on American children’s health.
This is a big deal. Many people are trying to play this down, suggesting he doesn’t have that many voters left. But the reality is that the voters who left him already went to Kamala Harris, so he was just a holding position for people who were favoring Trump but liked RFK better. Now, he’s fully joined the campaign.
Enthusiasm has been injected into the Trump campaign. On Friday, Trump introduced RFK at a speech in Arizona, and the crowd went nuts.
We are now in the homestretch of this campaign. It is up to Donald Trump to actually prosecute the case against Kamala Harris.
He’s going to be fighting in the face of an overwhelming media tsunami like we have never seen. We’ve been watching it happen in real time. And it is mind-bogglingly crazy to witness the media openly being the Praetorian Guard for Kamala Harris.
It’s been the Biden-Harris administration since Day One. Now we are told that not only is she an amazing politician, but she also has no responsibility for anything that has happened under the Biden administration. Everything she touches is a giant failure, but the machine wants her because all the machine cares about is that its positions are forwarded.
The DNC is a well-oiled machine, and that machine was breaking down because its face was a dead person. The face of the machine was Joe Biden, so they did what a machine would do; they ousted the dead body, and they put in place a fresh new face — except that Harris is not fresh or a new face.
Kamala Harris is the fresh coat of paint on the broken machine that has been running American politics for at least 12 of the last six years.
Democrats typically are quite happy with their party because they get most of what they want from their party. What they want from their party is a continuous move to the Left, and they always get it. Dump trucks filled with money arrived at the doorstep of the Harris campaign from billionaire donors the moment she was chosen.
All of this relies on Democrats having to hide what the machine does. They have to pretend Harris is something new. They have to hide her. So far: 37 days, no interviews.
This is how dictatorships work. It doesn’t matter what the person’s policies are. You are supposed to worship Big Brother, but not know his position. The whole point in delaying this is to make sure no one knows her positions when they go to the polls.
They hold the American public in utter disdain.
In fact, Harris is now attempting to switch all of the terms of the debate to which she agreed with President Trump. She wants to change the rules. She’s come out of the woodwork to explain that she wants the mics to be hot.
Why does she want the mics to be hot? She is betting that Trump won’t be able to contain himself, that he will find a way to talk over her, and then she will be able to do the “I’m talking here” routine she used against Mike Pence in 2020. She jumped in to pretend she was being victimized because she’s a woman. She’s going to try that again.
She also wants to be able to interrupt Trump because she wishes to jump in, along with the commentators, and “fact-check” him in real time to get under his skin. That’s the entire goal.
She wants to be seated because Trump is taller than she is. And she wants to use notes because Harris without notes is a disaster.
They want to change all the rules.
The whole goal here is to change the rules. They’re hoping that if the negotiations break down, there won’t be any debates at all, which would be her ideal because she doesn’t want a debate. She never wants to be fact-checked or asked a simple question.
At this point, the entire Trump campaign should be asking: “So why didn’t you do it?” Every time she says she wants to do something, the answer from Trump should be: “So why didn’t you do it?”
“You say that you want to secure the border. So why didn’t you do it? You say you wanted to bring down inflation. So why didn’t you do it? You say you want to make housing cheaper, so why didn’t you do it? You’re the vice president of the United States.”
That’s the point: to say over and over, “Why didn’t you do it?”
Because guess what? Trump did. He was the president. His record proves it.
But the entire goal is to obscure her record and pretend that she doesn’t exist, that she should only exist as a concept.
But if Trump hits her with a reality check, he will do Americans a great service for the future.
Because in the end, reality always wins.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
