Headline:
 Senator Booker: It’s Time To ‘Finally Kill’ MAGA ‘Strain’ Of GOP 

Article Text:
 
Sen. Cory Booker (D-NJ) said during an interview over the weekend that it was time to “finally kill” the MAGA-wing of the Republican Party which comes a little over a month after a would be assassin tried to murder Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump at a political rally in Pennsylvania.
Booker made the remarks during a Sunday interview on CNN’s “State of the Union” when asked by host Jake Tapper how Democrats can claim that Democratic presidential nominee Vice President Kamala Harris is a “new chapter” for the party considering that she is the incumbent in the race.
“Democrats have controlled the White House for 12 of the last 16 years,” Tapper said. “How can Democrats talk about a new chapter, turning the page? You guys are the ones writing the book.”
Sen. Cory Booker (D-NJ) said during an interview over the weekend that it was time to “finally kill” the MAGA-wing of the Republican Party which comes a little over a month after a would be assassin tried to murder Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump at a political rally in Pennsylvania.
Booker made the remarks during a Sunday interview on CNN’s “State of the Union” when asked by host Jake Tapper how Democrats can claim that Democratic presidential nominee Vice President Kamala Harris is a “new chapter” for the party considering that she is the incumbent in the race.
“Democrats have controlled the White House for 12 of the last 16 years,” Tapper said. “How can Democrats talk about a new chapter, turning the page? You guys are the ones writing the book.”
“Well, you know that that’s not true, Jake, because you know politics like I do,” Booker claimed. “Right now, we see the MAGA Republicans in Congress killing all kind of pragmatic policies that we need to get done.”
Booker falsely claimed that Trump killed the border deal that was proposed in the U.S. Senate when, in reality, it received widespread pushback from across the political Right for being an insufficient response to the crisis that has unfolded under the Biden-Harris administration.
“His influence is egregious and incredible, from his appointment of three people to the Supreme Court that are now rolling back the most fundamental of our rights and freedoms, like bodily autonomy and reproductive rights,” he claimed. “So, to say that the MAGA Republicans are not still undermining commonsense, pragmatic, sensible politics is just wrong. And what I know this election can do is finally kill that strain of the Republican Party in a way that I think helps the pragmatic Republicans come back.”
Moments after claiming that it was time to “finally kill” MAGA, Booker said that he “can’t stand this tribalism” and the “us versus them” mindset.
WATCH:
Corey Booker: This election can “finally kill” the MAGA “strain of the Republican Party.”
Trump was almost assass*nated weeks ago. A man was arrested last week for another assass*nation plot.
Yet they are not going to stop with this kind of incendiary, inflammatory and… pic.twitter.com/3XiAn8a4Y0
— Western Lensman (@WesternLensman) August 25, 2024
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
