Headline:
 Yes, Kamala’s Actual Strategy Is Bulls*** 

Article Text:
 
Kamala Harris’s entire campaign comes down to one word: bulls***.
It’s all just bulls***. That’s it.
She has no policies. She apparently didn’t exist before Thursday night.
Kamala Harris’s entire campaign comes down to one word: bulls***.
It’s all just bulls***. That’s it.
She has no policies. She apparently didn’t exist before Thursday night.
It’s amazing. Someone struck the ground and up she popped from the ground in a haze of smoke. And there she was, fully formed, but without any positions.
You see, she’s not been vice president of the United States. She’s not responsible for a single thing that has happened for the last three and a half years. In fact, the last three and a half years were a figment of everyone’s imagination. None of it ever happened.
What Kamala is telling everyone is that the actual president of the United States right now is Donald Trump, and he must be ousted because he’s the incumbent.
“We need a change,” she is insisting. And the way to change horses right now is to elect the exact same horse. That’s the way to do it.
Remember, she wasn’t the most liberal senator in the United States. That never happened. That didn’t exist. None of it.
Harris is here to “bring us forward.” Not backward. Up, not down.
Thursday night, Harris gave a speech that was just like Kodos from Treehouse of Horror on “The Simpsons.” Substitute quotations from a piratical alien who inhabited the body of Bill Clinton in “The Simpsons” in 1996, and it sounds exactly like Kamala Harris because we are now a country beyond parody.
Kodos stated, “My fellow Americans, as a young boy, I dreamed of being a baseball. But tonight, I say we must move forward, not backward; upward, not forward; and always twirling, twirling, twirling towards freedom.”
That was Kamala Harris last night.
According to the media, it was unbelievable.
They are Jeffrey Toobining themselves over the magic of a woman who is a terrible politician, who is pretty good at speaking off the teleprompter, but who says nothing.
An example: David Rothkopf, who is allegedly a columnist for the Daily Beast (and should be ashamed of himself because any self-respecting human should not write words like these), wrote:
They saved the best for last.
In a week of speechmaking like none of us have seen in our lifetimes, with one barn-burning or heart-tugging or inspiring address after another electrifying the crowd at the Democratic National Convention, the biggest question confronting Kamala Harris before she took the stage for the final keynote of the event was “How can she top all that?”
How do you top the fire of AOC? How do you top the resonance of Hillary Clinton? The eloquence of Pete Buttigieg? The loved-filled words of Doug Emhoff? The gut wrenching testimony of the women who had suffered due to Donald Trump’s assault on their fundamental rights and bodily autonomy? The compelling remarks of one Republican leader after another, from Olivia Troye to Adam Kinzinger, who said that this year they would be voting for Kamala not as Democrats but as patriots, to protect our democracy? …
The trip to church on which Reverend Raphael Warnock and then Democratic Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries took the crowd? Oprah’s searing surprise address? The big names like Bill Clinton or Nancy Pelosi? The high wattage rising stars like Wes Moore and Gretchen Whitmer? The valedictory of Joe Biden? The completely expected but nonetheless surpassing mastery of Michelle and Barack Obama? The star-is-born-yet-again vibe of Tim Walz’s remarks elevated by the pictures of his loving family? The heartbreaking personal stories of gun violence victims?
This goes on for paragraphs and paragraphs:
Michelle Obama described it as “magic.” Everyone spoke of the joy that lifted everyone’s remarks even more effectively and consistently and higher than even the expertly crafted playlist that accompanied the ceremonial roll call vote on Tuesday night.
All of it rose to a crescendo…
[Editor’s Note: you don’t rise to a crescendo; a crescendo is the actual rise in volume of the sound itself.]
…that itself was capping off the most remarkable month of spontaneous nationwide momentum-building in U.S. political history. Which meant that for the Vice President of the United States the pressure was on. Could she be worthy of the week of praise? Could she live up to the expectations of the crowd or the audiences watching at home?
… she did just that. Even if she did not reach the highest highs of the Obamas’ remarks or the emotional depths plumbed by a simple cutaway from Tim Walz to his son Gus, she delivered not only the speech of her life on Thursday night, she delivered one that in substance, tone, and historical significance surpassed all those that came before her during this week that would have had Daniel Webster sitting up and taking notes.
Just go smoke a cigarette. Calm down. Whew.
That was the media’s response to Harris’ speech. But here’s the thing: There is nothing there. It’s all a lie.
She’s the vice-president of the United States. Inflation has been at 40-year highs. We are in the midst of two major world conflagrations — one in the Middle East, one in Ukraine. Her administration has presided over both. She was the last person in the room when the United States decided, under Joe Biden, to pull out of Afghanistan and leave billions of dollars in U.S. military hardware there, to abandon thousands of U.S. allies to be murdered by the Taliban, to abandon 90 million Afghan women to be forced back into basements, and to get 13 American troops killed at Abbey Gate.
She was the last person in the room. She owns this economy. She owns this foreign policy. She owns the social breakdown over which she has presided.
But we’re supposed to pretend she is just brand spanking new, just fresh out of the package. It is ridiculous to take a woman who has been a senator from California and the vice president of the United States for the last three years and pretend she has had nothing to do with anything that is happening in the country right now.
But nobody in the Democratic Party gives a damn because they like Biden’s policies. They don’t care about the fact she hasn’t defined herself.
They love the fact she has not defined herself. That’s the feature, not the bug. Kamala Harris has nothing here. Nothing. She has nothing to do with what’s going on in the country. It’s vibes. It’s magic.
It’s supremely frustrating to be gaslit and told we are supposed to simply close our eyes and vote for a person based on vibes.
That is not what politics is. Politics is about how people exercise power over your life. That’s what politics is. It is not about vibe checks. It is not about being “brat.” It is not about dancing with Ghost Beyonce, who didn’t show up last night. It’s not about any of those things.
It is about what she is going to do with power.
And we know exactly what she’s going to do with power. We also know exactly what Trump is going to do with power.
And that is what’s insane.
We know precisely how Trump will govern because he did it last time, and it was pretty damn good.
We know precisely how Harris will govern because she’s there now. I know we’re supposed to pretend that’s not true, but it is. She’s the sitting vice president of the United States.
You cannot have it both ways. She was shoehorned into the presidential nomination because she’s the vice president. You cannot then pretend she has no association with the Biden-Harris administration as if she’s a brand-new creation.
It’s insulting to the American people.
And it’s bulls***.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
