Headline:
 Interview 

Article Text:
 Vice President Kamala Harris delivered three awkward moments on Thursday in Georgia, underscoring why her campaign has tried to hide her from the media.
The number zero is plaguing Vice President Kamala Harris’s presidential campaign, as her website lists zero policy items, she has engaged in zero major interviews or press conferences as the presumptive nominee, and she received zero primary votes.
President Joe Biden is slated to participate in a one-on-one interview with NBC’s Lester Holt, as the 81 year old continues to stand defiantly in his decision to remain in the presidential race, despite the pleas of some very well-known Democrats.
Breitbart News editor-in-chief Alex Marlow spoke with comedian and actor Bryan Callen during a 90-minute interview about how the globalist experiment is failing, the threat that artificial intelligence (AI) poses, and about Breitbart News’s strength.
President Joe Biden claimed he could do the job of president “better than anybody” when asked if he would be able to carry out the responsibilities of being president in his mid-80s.
Vice President Kamala Harris said she would be ready to take over the role of president if necessary when asked in an interview.
President Joe Biden confused the White House press pool when he announced a “major press conference” on Friday afternoon that turned out to be a previously scheduled interview with MSNBC.
Executives at Arizona PBS, which is giving Democrat gubernatorial candidate Katie Hobbs a one-on-one interview against the direction of the Clean Elections Commission, have a history of publicizing their biases for Democrats, including Hobbs, and against Republicans.
‘We have to leave breadcrumbs for people in the future to look back and see that not all of us were crazy.’
Still residing on the left side of the aisle politically, Sasha Stone of Awards Daily is openly rebelling against the Woke Terror.
Friday not only marks Biden’s lowest approval rating — he has also gone exactly 100 days without doing a sit-down press interview.
John Paul Mac Isaac had legal ownership of Hunter Biden’s laptop, followed the rules, did everything right, and still They destroyed him in order to protect a wealthy and powerful Democrat named Joe Biden.
A plurality of Britons thinks that Meghan and Harry’s interview with Oprah Winfrey, where they aired their personal grievances in public and implied that the Royal Family was racist, was “inappropriate”.
Former Democrat Florida gubernatorial candidate Andrew Gillum opened up in an interview with Tamron Hall scheduled to air next week about the South Beach hotel incident that derailed his political career.
Tommy Robinson has announced that he wants to stand for parliament — either in Brussels, as an MEP, if Brexit fails, or in Westminster.
Kamala Harris called for “reparations” to be paid to blacks to “help folks heal” from what she described as “undiagnosed and untreated trauma” caused by America’s “dark history.” She offered her remarks in an interview published Tuesday with The Root.
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) indicated in a Spanish-language interview with Univisión last week that the United States should consider a military intervention in Venezuela.
A man who has made it his quest to interview every living World War II veteran admitted Tuesday in an interview that he learned more from interviewing the veterans than anything he learned in school.
Any chance special counsel Robert Mueller had to get an interview with President Trump was likely killed with the unprecedented FBI raid on Trump’s personal attorney, the far-left NBC News reports.
“I would love to do that and I’d love to do it as soon as possible…I don’t know, I guess they’re talking about two or three weeks, but I’d love to do it,” Trump said, according to reporters in the meeting. “Again, I have to say, subject to my lawyers and all that but I would love to do it.”
An Arizona man accused of stealing money from a bank he worked at was arrested Thursday after applying for a job as a police dispatcher.
Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich slammed CNN’s Jake Tapper Sunday after Tapper cut off White House senior adviser Stephen Miller in the middle of an interview.
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio claimed Sunday that millionaires would not leave the city if the state imposed a “millionaire’s tax.”
Director James Toback, who stands accused of various forms of sexual harassment and assault by some 300 women, spoke with Rolling Stone and belligerently denied each and every one of the accusations against him.
Rosie O’Donnell broke her post-election silence on President Trump in an interview Tuesday, complaining about how she would not be able to live through Trump’s presidency.
On Sunday, September 10, Breitbart News executive chairman and former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon appeared on CBS News’ 60 Minutes for his first television interview. The following are 25 key quotes, both from the main interview and “overtime.”
A video clip from 2014 surfaced showing Hillary Clinton calling for illegal alien children to be “sent back” to their home countries.
An exclusive interview with a high ranking former Google engineer who wishes to remain anonymous reveals more aspects of the company’s politically correct office culture, including senior employees leading a Black Lives Matter chant on stage.
Chechnya’s president responded reports alleging that gay men are being tortured in the country by saying that there is no torture taking place because there are no gay men in Chechnya.
NBC’s Megyn Kelly got trolled by Twitter users after she asked Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi if he is on Twitter.
Former Florida governor and 2016 presidential candidate Jeb Bush said Sunday that President Trump is making life harder for himself.
In his first session with reporters since Amnesty International published a report accusing his government of human rights atrocities against political dissidents, Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad said he would immediately step aside if he lost an election.
Mexican actress Kate del Castillo recently made waves by facilitating a clandestine interview in Mexico between actor Sean Penn and notorious drug lord Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzmán. However, her representatives and tabloids are reporting she feels betrayed by Penn for using her and not giving her more credit.
Only days after his client’s capture and the highly controversial interview of drug lord Joaquin “El Chapo” Guzmán by actor Sean Penn, Guzmán’s lawyer is calling the actor’s retelling of El Chapo’s drug trafficking claims “a lie” and “absurd speculation.”
In a move reminiscent of then-ABC journalist John Miller’s 1998 interview of deceased terrorist Osama Bin Laden, actor Sean Penn has interviewed the Western Hemisphere’s most notorious drug lord and fugitive under legally questionable circumstances.
After taking the microphone to address the crowd, Christie said that, like many others in the room, the attacks in Paris reminded him of 9/11 and the threat of terrorism that still existed in the world. He shared vivid memories of 9/11, recalling how he felt when he sat with his children wondering if his wife, who worked two blocks away from the World Trade Center, was alive that day.
Dez Bryant accused a reporter of using the n-word in reference to Dallas Cowboys players.
Tonight Show host Jimmy Fallon responded to criticism he is too soft on his guests earlier this week, by explaining it is not his job to ask tough questions of controversial public figures.
This is the second part of a two-part interview. Part one is here. DID CENSORSHIP IMPROVE THE QUALITY OF MOVIES? BNN: Another theory of mine —  although I’m opposed to censorship, is that the dreaded Production Code made the Golden
Contrary to what it might look like, the great passion of my life is neither politics nor the media. My abiding love affair, one that began almost forty years ago and burns just as bright today, is with the movies.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
