Headline:
 U.S.-Canada border 

Article Text:
 An Indian migrant testified that he smuggled more than 500 other India nationals across the U.S.-Canada border during a four-year period. Despite making more than $400,000 in his role in the smuggling operation, the man will be allowed to remain and work in the U.S. in exchange for his testimony.
The record-shattering surge of migrant crossings in the Swanton Sector continues with the apprehension of more than 2,700 migrants in July. The sector of the U.S.-Canada Border experienced an increase of nearly 200 percent from the same record-setting period one
On Tuesday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Fox & Friends First,” Clinton County, NY Sheriff David Favro (D) discussed the issues with migrants crossing the northern border and stated that “from a law enforcement perspective, we know that if Congress
NIAGARA FALLS, N.Y. (AP) — A vehicle exploded at a checkpoint on the American side of a U.S.-Canada bridge in Niagara Falls Wednesday, leaving two people dead and prompting the closing of four border crossings in the area, authorities said.
Former Senator Kelly Ayotte (R), now running for governor in New Hampshire, is sounding the alarm over record-setting illegal immigration at the nation’s northeast border which she says has gone entirely ignored by President Joe Biden’s administration.
During a portion of an interview with NBC News aired on Wednesday’s broadcast of “NBC Nightly News,” Clinton County, NY Sheriff David Favro (D) stated that there need to be more Border Patrol agents along the United States-Canada border because there
During a report aired on Wednesday’s broadcast of “NBC Nightly News,” NBC News Homeland Security Correspondent Julia Ainsley stated that the surge in crossings along the United States-Canada border is “America’s newest border crisis.” Ainsley began her report by saying,
The Ambassador Bridge connecting Canada and the U.S. remains blocked by Canadian demonstrators on Saturday night, over 24 hours after a deadline issued by a Ontario Superior Court Justice Geoffrey Morawetz via injunction to restrain individuals from blocking the bridge between Windsor, ON, and Detroit, MI.
Justin Trudeau held an “Incident Response Group” meeting on Saturday regarding what he called “illegal blockades and occupations.”
“Northern border” House Republican members sent a letter to the Biden administration to raise questions on the “dangerous ramifications” his policies on the southern border have to the northern border.
A postal worker was arrested Tuesday at the U.S.-Canadian border after agents allegedly found undelivered mail, including absentee ballots, in his car.
President Trump is extending the closure of the United States’ northern and southern borders to migration and non-essential travel, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) announced on Monday.
President Trump’s travel bans on China, Iran, Europe – as well as closures at the southern and northern borders – are the most popular policy initiatives the White House has enacted to fighting the Chinese coronavirus, a new survey reveals.
Nearly 6.3 million noncitizens were granted admission to the United States in the last two and a half months by air, land, and sea at ports of entry along the northern border before Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau issued a national lockdown.
Thousands of foreign nationals have been caught attempting to cross into the United States from Canada before Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced he would close the nation’s borders to foreign travelers.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
