Headline:
 Illegal Aliens Released Into Country By Biden-Harris Admin Charged With Sexually Assaulting Child 

Article Text:
 The child is thought to have been abused by the three Honduran illegal aliens for months before they were arrested
Three illegal aliens who were released into the United States under the Biden-Harris administration have been arrested and charged with sexually assaulting a child in Florida.
The three illegal aliens from Honduras, Selvin Lopez Lopez, Erick Lopez Lopez, and Jesersson Lopez Lopez, were arrested by Florida’s Palm Beach County Sheriff’s Office and charged with capital sexual battery against a child under the age of 12 years old.
Selvin and Erick entered the United States in 2021 under the Biden-Harris administration and surrendered themselves to Border Patrol before being released into the country and asked to appear for a court hearing. Neither of the two illegal migrants appeared for their court hearings. Jesserson entered the United States from the southern border in 2023 and was told to appear in court in 2028.
The Palm Beach County Sheriff’s Office stated that the three “were arrested for numerous counts of Lewd Lascivious Behavior (Capital Sexual Battery) on a minor under 12 years of age” before adding that “it is believed this despicable behavior took place between August 2024 to the present.” The three are now being held at the Palm Beach County Jail without bond.
The Biden-Harris administration has presided over a record-breaking surge in illegal immigration, propelling the topic to one of the most important issues for voters as the presidential election draws near.
More than 10 million people have crossed the border under the Biden-Harris administration, with an estimated 1.7 million illegal immigrant gotaways recorded since Biden was inaugurated in 2021. There were a total of 415,000 reported gotaways for 2018, 2019, and 2020 during the Trump administration. Recent polling has found that a majority of voters do not believe that Vice President and Democratic candidate for president Kamala Harris has “clearly explained” her policy stances concerning illegal immigration.
The arrests of the illegal migrants in Palm Beach come just weeks after Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s Enforcement and Removal Operations arrested four illegal aliens on the wealthy island of Nantucket. All four of the men are alleged to have committed sex crimes, with two of the men allegedly assaulting children.
Concerns about illegal immigrant crime accelerated after a series of violent crimes believed to be committed by illegal aliens claimed the lives of American citizens.
Georgia nursing student Laken Riley was allegedly killed by Jose Ibarra, a 26-year-old illegal immigrant from Venezuela, on February 22, 2024, just months before 12-year-old Jocelyn Nungaray was allegedly murdered by two illegal immigrants who were also from Venezuela. Nungaray’s alleged killers entered the United States during the Biden-Harris administration. Rachel Morin, a young mother of five children was allegedly raped, strangled, and murdered in Maryland by an illegal alien from El Salvador.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
