Headline:
 Douglas Emhoff 

Article Text:
 Second gentleman Doug Emhoff said Thursday on MSNBC’s “The Last Word” that former President Donald Trump is putting a target on the backs of Jewish Americans with his rhetoric.
Second Gentleman Doug Emhoff is set to meet Monday with six Jewish college students to discuss the ongoing wave of antisemitism on campuses around the country — including one student, bizarrely, from the U.S. Military Academy.
The Republican Jewish Coalition (RJC) blasted President Joe Biden’s new antisemitism strategy on Thursday, as it emerged that it was crafted with help from the antisemitic Council on American Islamic Relations (CAIR).
First Gentleman Douglass Emhoff, the husband of Vice President Kamala Harris, criticized “toxic masculinity” in an interview with MSNBC’s Jonathan Capehart that aired Tuesday.
Vice President Kamala Harris reportedly spent her recent time in Los Angeles partying with Hollywood elites and visiting some of her favorite restaurants as average Americans everywhere continue to be crushed by out-of-control inflation and soaring gas prices.
Doug Emhoff, husband of Vice President Kamala Harris, spoke on Sunday at what was billed as a Rainbow Seder celebration.
President Joe Biden plans to leave the White House on Tuesday to promote his $1.9 trillion coronavirus rescue package, but he is only traveling about 120 miles away from Washington, DC.
A shattered glass portrait of Vice President Kamala Harris memorializing her career was erected this week on the National Mall in Washington, DC.
Vice President Kamala Harris’s husband, Douglas Emhoff, made his first official appearance as second gentleman in northeast Washington, DC, on Thursday to put a spotlight on “food insecurity,” a phenomenon taking place just miles away from the couple’s luxurious vice presidential residence.
Pearl Jam musicians, including frontman Eddie Vedder, teamed up with the Biden-Harris campaign on Thursday to push voter participation and vote by mail, all in a bid to propel Joe Biden into the White House. During the virtual event, the anti-Trump Vedder weighed in on the likelihood of mass voter fraud, saying that chances were “miniscule.”
Second lady Karen Pence’s office has released a statement defending her maskless appearance following the vice presidential debate on Wednesday when she greeted her husband, Vice President Mike Pence, on stage.
Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA) and her husband, attorney Douglas Emhoff, gave 1.1% of their income to charity in 2019, tax records show.
Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA) failed as California’s attorney general to investigate faulty advertising claims against one of the nation’s leading nutritional supplement companies, which also happened to be a client of her husband’s law firm.
Democrat presidential candidate Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA) was forced to address on Monday an alleged sexual assault that took place at her husband’s law firm.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
