Headline:
 Made in America 

Article Text:
 Sen. Rick Scott is urging Americans to cease purchasing anything made in China and buy American instead as President Donald Trump ups the ante and raises tariffs on China.
Sen. Jim Banks said that Honda’s decision to bring auto production to Indiana is a prime example of President Donald Trump’s leadership.
Donald Trump vowed to enact a 100-percent tariff on vehicles made in Mexico and lower the corporate tax rate for companies that produce in the U.S.
Former President Donald Trump told Breitbart News exclusively he is considering taking up an offer for a tour from the CEO of a Virginia factory that is not producing anything right now because Democrat President Joe Biden’s administration screwed up Trump’s “Made in America” initiatives.
U.S. Sen. J.D. Vance is sounding the alarm on critical shortages and vulnerabilities in the supply chain to the United States for key medical personal protective equipment (PPE) that could allow the Chinese Communist Party to shut down health practice in the United States.
The next time a doctor examines you, there is an increased likelihood—thanks to Joe Biden—that China made the medical professional’s gloves.
Former President Donald Trump excoriated Democrat President Joe Biden for screwing up efforts his administration began to make important stuff in America again during an exclusive interview with Breitbart News.
The Fort Knox Defender vault is an elegantly appointed American-made vault designed to keep your long guns, handguns, scopes, and other valuables secure.
EU officials have lashed out at plans aimed at pushing domestic manufacturing in the United States over accusations that it harms the bloc’s interests.
President Joe Biden is often cavalier with his words, but in the last 30 days, he has made a large number of gaffes, falsehoods, and goofy statements.
President Joe Biden kicked off a speech on the economy Friday with a classic brain-freeze moment.
Senate Democrats’ filibuster-proof reconciliation package, dubbed the “Inflation Reduction Act,” is set to help subsidize electric vehicles manufactured in Mexico and Canada.
Senate Republicans and Democrats are rebuking claims from President Joe Biden and Treasury Department Secretary Janet Yellen that United States tariffs on Chinese imports have helped spur record inflation for American consumers.
President Joe Biden boasted on Friday that the federal government was finally purchasing goods “Made in America” just weeks after buying coronavirus tests made in China. “I made it clear, that when the federal government spends taxpayer dollars we buy
President Joe Biden’s administration is considering providing tariff exemptions for more than 500 products made in China — a potential boon to corporations who continue offshoring to the communist country.
A group of House Republicans will be demanding Democrats and President Joe Biden add “Buy American” rules to the so-called infrastructure bill, Breitbart News has exclusively learned.
Amidst some of the worst days of the Chinese coronavirus crisis in 2020, former Trump administration officials were seeing firsthand the impact of the United States’ dependence on foreign imports as a result of decades-long free trade policies.
Joe Biden promised that the “materials and products” in his infrastructure plan would be Made in America. But the bill currently drafted contains a huge loophole that can send those jobs to China.
An infrastructure package, crafted by a group of Senate Democrats and Republicans and first obtained by Breitbart News, would allow federal bureaucrats to bypass “Buy American” requirements for projects funded by the legislation.
The Magnum Research Desert Eagle .44 magnum is a semiautomatic pistol in which reality and make-believe collide, delivering accuracy and reliability in a large handgun that tames a round otherwise renowned for recoil.
The DeSantis Gunhide Speed Scabbard is an outside the waistband holster designed for everyday carry and made in the USA.
President Joe Biden signed an executive order Monday to phase out the federal government’s use of vehicles that run on gas and replace them with ones that run on electricity.
The owner of a Wisconsin manufacturing company says President Donald Trump’s economic agenda has been “very successful” for working-class Americans, not just business.
President Trump said during his Republican National Convention (RNC) speech on Thursday that while his agenda is “Made in the USA,” Democrat presidential candidate Joe Biden’s agenda is “Made in China.”
Debbie Flood, the owner of a cast bronze architectural hardware manufacturer in Schofield, Wisconsin, blasted Democrat presidential candidate Joe Biden’s record on normalizing United States trade with China that she says gutted her business before President Trump ushered in his economic nationalist agenda.
Former Ambassador to Japan and Tennessee Senate Republican candidate Bill Hagerty told Breitbart News Daily that “Made in the USA” should be the “theme” of America again.
The White House is looking at a number of ways to boost American-made products and reshore vital industries to the United States from abroad, special assistant to President Trump for domestic policy Theo Wold says.
GALLATIN, Tennessee — Bill Hagerty, now the GOP nominee for U.S. Senate here in Tennessee, told Breitbart News in his first exclusive interview after winning the primary election on Thursday night he intends to follow through on his promise to hold China accountable for the coronavirus pandemic.
Consumer expert and syndicated radio host Clark Howard’s website recently released a post titled, “Here Are 100+ Brands That Are 100% Made in the USA.”
Republicans will be punished if they fail to hold China accountable for negligence in the coronavirus outbreak, said Rep. Jim Banks.
The Trump administration is seeking out various American manufacturers to help make essential supplies needed to fight the coronavirus without relying on foreign imports and supply chains from China.
The international luxury fashion and leather goods brand Louis Vuitton is planning to create about 1,000 American jobs by opening its newest plant in the small town of Keene, Texas, this year.
More than two-in-three American voters say it is “necessary” for President Trump to fight China on trade that has, for years, resulted in mass layoffs of U.S. workers and enabled a rise in Chinese exports.
President Donald Trump will host the third annual Made in America Product Showcase Monday on the White House South Lawn.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) promised to bring manufacturing jobs back to the United States during the first Democrat presidential debate, echoing one of President Trump’s original campaign promises.
President Trump’s hand-picked appointees for the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) defied his “Buy American” economic nationalist agenda in a recent case where they voted to protect companies who falsely claimed their Chinese-manufactured products were “Made in America.”
Multinational automaker General Motors (GM) removed its made-in-Mexico red Chevrolet Blazer SUV from a display at Detroit, Michigan’s Comerica Park this week after backlash from American workers.
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) will reopen an idled Detroit engine plant, invest billions into five existing Michigan plants, and create about 6,500 U.S. auto jobs in a move reflecting President Trump’s economic nationalist agenda.
President Trump’s year of imposing tariffs on foreign imports has marked the highest level of optimism among U.S. manufacturers.
“America is fighting back and we’re winning again!” Trump said during remarks at the event.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
