Headline:
 Mark Robinson 

Article Text:
 Stein will be the next governor of North Carolina, beating Republican Lt. Gov. Mark Robinson in a landslide, Fox News projected.
Lt. Gov. Mark Robinson (R-NC) was taken to the hospital on Friday evening to be “treated for burns” that he had sustained, his campaign confirmed to Breitbart News.
North Carolina Republican gubernatorial candidate Mark Robinson on Wednesday responded to a bombshell report in an interview on “America First with Sebastian Gorka.”
Mark Robinson’s North Carolina gubernatorial bid took another hit this weekend when four top staffers resigned from his campaign in the wake of an explosive CNN report that identified him as the owner of an account on an online pornographic message board that featured racist and sexually explicit posts.
Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC) said Sunday on NBC’s “Meet the Press” that if the reports about Mark Robinson, the Republican nominee for governor of North Carolina, making controversial comments on a pornography website’s message board are true, he is “unfit to serve.”
Scandalous reports around Lt. Gov. Mark Robinson (R-NC), the Republican nominee for governor in North Carolina, are compounding, as his email address is linked to an account registered on adult affair matchmaking website Ashley Madison, according to Politico.
A bombshell CNN report published Thursday identifies Lt. Gov. Mark Robinson (R-NC) as the person behind an account on an online pornographic message board that posted both racist and sexually explicit messages more than a decade ago, including a post about peeping on showering women as a teen.
Lt. Gov. Mark Robinson (R-NC) reportedly faces pressure to drop out of the governor’s race as a report, expected to harm his campaign, looms.
Former President Donald Trump leads President Joe Biden in a two-way general election race in North Carolina, according to a poll.
North Carolina Lt. Gov. Mark Robinson won the state’s Republican primary for governor on Super Tuesday.
The crowd at the Faith and Freedom Coalition’s Road to Majority Policy conference went wild after North Carolina Lt. Gov. Mark Robinson, a gubernatorial candidate in his state, emphatically endorsed former President Donald Trump’s 2024 presidential campaign.
A massive video ad campaign launched Wednesday features North Carolina Lt. Gov. Mark Robinson (R) voicing his support for Rep. Ted Budd (R-NC) as Budd competes in his state’s Republican primary race for U.S. Senate.
The left is slamming North Carolina Lt. Gov. Mark Robinson for speaking out against teaching homosexuality and transgenderism in schools, but evangelical leader Rev. Franklin Graham posted his support for Robinson on Facebook:
North Carolina Lt. Gov. Mark Robinson (R) has made clear that he will not succumb to the leftist calls for his resignation for labeling the promotion of “trangenderism” and “homosexuality” in schools as “filth.”
NC Lt. Gov. Mark Robinson is calling out a school district for paying CRT proponent Ibram X. Kendi $25,000 for speaking at a staff event.
Lt. Gov. Mark Robinson (R-NC) said on Thursday that it was “preposterous” and “insulting” for Democrats to frame black Americans as incapable of obtaining photo ID to comply with voter-ID laws.
Mark Robinson (R) won North Carolina’s Lt. Governor race Tuesday just over two years after giving an impassioned speech against gun control at a Greensboro city council meeting.
Mark Robinson, the man who schooled Greensboro City Council members in April 2018, won the Republican nomination Tuesday to run for North Carolina Lt. Governor.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
