Headline:
 prescription drugs 

Article Text:
 President Donald Trump and Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. hold a press conference on Monday, May 12.
President Donald Trump revealed that he would be signing an executive order on Monday reducing the cost of prescription and pharmaceutical drugs by 30 to 80 percent.
The 20-year-old who allegedly opened fire on FSU’s campus had been prescribed medication for “emotional dysregulation.”
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved a schizophrenia drug which is the first updated treatment for the illness in several decades.
House Republican leadership warned on Thursday that America’s predominant status as the world leader in developing new medicines is now in “jeopardy” due to the Biden-Harris drug price negotiation scheme.
Joe Grogan, the former director of Trump’s Domestic Policy Council, told Breitbart News in an interview on Thursday that the alleged benefits of the Biden-Harris drug price negotiations are “Soviet-style price controls” and any alleged savings are “totally bogus.”
McKinsey & Company, the global management consulting firm, is reportedly being investigated by the Department of Justice (DOJ) for allegedly helping fuel the nation’s opioid epidemic by guiding drug manufacturers on strategies to boost sales.
Thanks to Joe Biden’s incompetence and wide open border, life-saving drugs are scarce, and fentanyl is killing Americans in record numbers.
There were no illegal drugs in actor Matthew Perry’s  California home Saturday when he was found unresponsive, according to police sources.
New York City public hospitals will be among the first public health systems in the United States to facilitate the killing of the unborn via telehealth
The Beijing Municipal Health Commission has drafted regulations that would “strictly prohibit” using A.I. to produce medical prescriptions.
A drug designed by generative artificial intelligence has made history by reaching Phase 2 human trials for the first time.
Danish pharmaceutical company Novo Nordisk has announced that it will lower the price of some of its insulin products in the United States by up to 75 percent, effective January 1, 2024.
No part of Americans’ lives stands to change more fundamentally based on who’s elected president on Nov. 3rd than their healthcare. Joe Biden supports further efforts to socialize American medicine, which would increase healthcare costs, reduce choices, and decrease quality.
U.S. Senate Finance Committee chairman Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA) told Breitbart News exclusively that his plan to reform prescription drug pricing would specifically focus on reining in federal taxpayer spending on drugs covered by Medicare and Medicaid plans.
According to Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL), there could be indirect repercussions beyond the health implications of the spread of coronavirus, especially as supply chains are disrupted globally.
A doctor admitted he gave patients unnecessary painkillers and falsified medical records to cover it up in Bergen County, New Jersey, Monday.
Chuck Schumer’s opposition to the Lower Health Care Costs Act comes after a NY-based hospital lobby donated $1 million to his super PAC.
Democrat entrepreneur Andrew Yang is a long shot to win the White House in 2020, but he is still rolling out his presidential plans, including more federal government control over the medical prescription industry.
Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) grew visibly frustrated during her weekly press conference on Wednesday morning when reporters asked about impeachment and seemed uninterested in the rest of her agenda.
Joe Biden struggled to name the department of Health and Human Services, while discussing his proposal to expand Obamacare and lower drug prices.
Recent studies performed by researchers at Penn State find that the devastating effects of the opioid epidemic may have cost states at least $130 billion in treatments.
Rep. Andy Levin said that NPR is “obsessed” with the impeachment of President Donald Trump and should instead report on Congress.
Government-approved opioids almost doubled the number of young men who were pushed out of the workforce before the election of President Donald Trump, according to economists at the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland.
Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis continues to push a bill that would make it easier to import prescription drugs from Canada despite concerns over increased fraud that might come with the bill; one advocate for the bill has faced accusations of faking prescriptions.
Sens. Rick Scott (R-FL), Josh Hawley (R-MO) introduced legislation Tuesday to combat the rising cost of prescription drugs and increase transparency in the health care industry.
President Donald Trump correctly said during his State of the Union Speech on Tuesday night America experienced the largest decline in prescription drug prices in 46 years.
In a Monday appearance on CBS’s “This Morning,” Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) said if President Donald Trump “wants to do the right thing” in lowering prescription drug prices, then he is willing to work with him. “If the president wants
Preliminary data released by the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) over the summer suggest the rate of drug overdose deaths is declining or at least has “begun to plateau,” as Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar put it last week.
As the Trump administration pushes for drug price transparency, the pharmaceutical industry is already trying to subvert the coming changes.
The simple truth of the opioid crisis is that prescription drugs have been blamed for a deadly crisis that is far more attributable to street drugs smuggled across the porous U.S. border.
It would be excessive to call the opioid crisis an orchestrated conspiracy, but it certainly does have aspects of a manufactured crisis: a problem created by politicians and then exploited by them to advance various agendas. Loose borders created the problem by allowing a tidal wave of deadly street drugs into the United States. Politicians are using the resulting crisis to attack the pharmaceutical industry and the criminal justice system. We could end up releasing an enormous number of criminals from prison because the drug epidemic put too many people in jail.
During Friday’s Democratic Weekly Address, Representative Stephanie Murphy (D-FL) stated Democrats “are fighting to allow Medicare to negotiate for lower drug prices and for more transparency into price hikes.” Transcript as Follows: “Hi, my name is Congresswoman Stephanie Murphy, and
A study by St. Michael’s Hospital of Toronto published in June found that one in five deaths among young adults in the United States is now related to opioid drugs.
Monday on Hugh Hewitt’s syndicated radio show, Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar dismissed reports claiming that President Donald Trump had dropped a campaign pledge of using Medicare to negotiate lower prices as part of his prescription drug plan.
During Friday’s Democratic Weekly Address, Senator Debbie Stabenow (D-MI) discussed prescription drug prices and argued Republicans should join Democrats in taking action to lower drug prices. Transcript as Follows: “Today, President Trump is scheduled to speak about the need to
Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar pointed to short-term and association health plans during Friday’s White House press briefing as possible solutions to Obamacare and health insurance premiums reaching new heights.
Democrat Eric Schneiderman, who has now resigned as New York’s attorney general, stands accused of a wide range of aberrant behavior, including drug abuse, according to a lengthy report.
Puyallup, Washington, police suspect 31-year-old registered nurse Cora Weberg of intentionally infecting at least two patients of Good Samaritan Hospital with the hepatitis C virus, as well as stealing drugs.
The conventional wisdom on the opioid crisis is that prescription drug dependency was a major factor behind the surge of addictions and overdoses. This belief was challenged by studies demonstrating that prescription drug problems from the 1990s and 2000s were fading before the current opioid crisis began, and the real problem today is with street drugs like heroin and fentanyl. New research highlights a very sharp dividing line between the earlier pill problem and today’s drug crisis: OxyContin was reformulated in 2010 to cut down on abuse, so addicts turned to heroin.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
