Headline:
 JD Vance To Go On Joe Rogan’s Podcast 

Article Text:
 Kamala Harris' team is continuing to push for an appearance on "The Joe Rogan Experience"
Republican senator and vice presidential candidate JD Vance is set to record an episode with podcast giant Joe Rogan on Wednesday morning, The Guardian reported.
The Vance-Rogan interview will be recorded just five days after Rogan’s episode with former President Donald Trump dropped and quickly generated tens of millions of views on YouTube. The Guardian reported that “two people with direct knowledge of the matter” said Vance’s sitdown with Rogan is scheduled to begin recording at 9:00 a.m. Wednesday. Rogan’s podcast episodes are usually uploaded to Spotify and YouTube a few hours after the recording is finished.
Vance will go on “The Joe Rogan Experience” as Vice President Kamala Harris’ team continues to push for an interview with the most-listened-to podcast host in the world. Rogan revealed early on Tuesday that Harris “has not passed on doing the podcast,” adding that the timing and stipulations have not worked out.
“They offered a date for Tuesday, but I would have had to travel to her and they only wanted to do an hour,” Rogan wrote. “I strongly feel the best way to do it is in the studio in Austin. My sincere wish is to just have a nice conversation and get to know her as a human being. I really hope we can make it happen.”
Also, for the record the Harris campaign has not passed on doing the podcast.  They offered a date for Tuesday, but I would have had to travel to her and they only wanted to do an hour.  I strongly feel the best way to do it is in the studio in Austin.  My sincere wish is to just…
— Joe Rogan (@joerogan) October 29, 2024
Both Trump and Vance have focused much of their attention on sitting down for podcast interviews over the past month of the campaign. Trump has joined “The Ben Shapiro Show,” the “Lex Fridman Podcast,” the “Full Send Podcast” with the Nelk Boys, and Barstool Sports’ “Bussin with the Boys,” among others. Vance, meanwhile, has recently been on the podcasts of comedians Theo Von and Tim Dillon.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
Trump’s appearance on Rogan’s podcast has been viewed more than 37 million times. During the episode, Trump told Rogan, “Can you imagine Kamala doing this show? If she did this kind of an interview with you — I hope she does, because it would be a mess — she’d be laying on the floor comatose, you’d be saying, ‘Call in the medics.’”
Harris has also hit the podcast circuit in recent weeks, sitting down with Alex Cooper on “Call Her Daddy,” along with doing interviews with Howard Stern, former NFL player Shannon Sharpe, and Charlamagne Tha God on “The Breakfast Club.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
