Headline:
 Kamala’s Dude Problem 

Article Text:
 The Democrats’ game plan to win male votes can be summed up as the Harris Hail Mary late in the fourth quarter.
Kamala Harris has a dude problem — white dudes, blue-collar dudes, working-class dudes. The dudes just aren’t buying what she’s selling.
A recent NBC News poll has former President Donald Trump leading Vice President Kamala Harris among men by 16 points, 56%to 40%.
Back at Harris headquarters, where everything is measured in race and gender, it’s shocking they haven’t cracked the code on the male vote. Nevertheless, they and their surrogates are persisting.
Enter “White Dudes for Harris,” a $10 million ad campaign, whose first cringeworthy ad opens with a guy saying white dude’s are tired of being told how much they “suck” and how they’re “the problem.”
They’re right that white men are tired of being told they suck, but they’re also tired of being told they’re stupid. Men are smart enough to know the same people perpetually telling them they’re the problem are the ones now trying to scam them into another four years of our current administration’s policies.
The Biden/Harris State Department’s own Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Chief, Zakiya Carr Johnson, co-authored a guide to remedy “a culture of male and/or white dominance.”
Never mind that the dude in the inaugural ad, which targets the blue-collar states of Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan, promises Harris has a plan for making white dudes’ lives better.
Men know that if she was going to make their lives better, she wouldn’t have made their lives worse over the last nearly four years.
This summer, Hollywood white dudes — Jeff Bridges, Mark Ruffalo, Mark Hamill, and Bradley Whitford — showed up on a Zoom fundraiser for the group. What better way to shore up the man vote than cameo a bunch of dudes whose industry has spent years telling men they “suck” on a regular basis, depicting them as bumbling morons on TV and in movies.
John Nacion/FilmMagic
Just when you thought it couldn’t get any worse, it’s as if the group “Creatives for Harris” said, “hold my beer” and rolled out the most cringeworthy ad yet. This one should have donors demanding a refund.
The “Creatives” ad pivots straight to gender, where we have the misfortune of listening to actors — yes, they’re all actors — repeat on loop that they’re not afraid of women and chant, “I’m a man” — just in case we’re confused.
Real men who aren’t afraid of women don’t need to repeatedly tell you they’re not afraid of women.
Meanwhile, in Normalville, U.S.A., where most men live, getting emotional in front of a horse or crying at “Good Will Hunting” isn’t a prerequisite for proving you’re not a misogynistic pig. Apparently, to be man you must vote for women, cry on cue, and pick your own donuts.
If you’re trying to make this make sense, don’t. This is brought to you by the party who can’t define a woman, but seems to think they’ve nailed the definition of “man.”
Most men aren’t analyzing the chromosomes on their ballot. They’re too busy weighing another four years of devastating inflationary policies that will threaten their livelihoods and destroy manufacturing jobs.
They’re thinking about how the American dream of owning a home is nearly impossible thanks to the Biden/Harris administration. And when they hear the names Laken Riley, Jocelyn Nungaray, and Rachel Morin, who were brutally murdered by illegal immigrants invading our country, they’re concerned for their daughters’ safety.
Men want to protect their daughters, and that includes keeping boys off girls’ sports teams and out of their locker rooms and bathrooms. You don’t get much more pro-woman than that.
Kamala promised she wouldn’t do anything different than what she and Biden have already done — men believe her.
The actors in this ad must be the same “customers” Kamala brought into Primanti Bros. Restaurant and Sports Bar, a Pittsburgh institution and arguably the most famous sports bar in the city, for a staged campaign event in August. She had the non-staged customers, which likely leaned heavily male, kicked out in the middle of the Pirates baseball game on a Sunday afternoon.
MOON TOWNSHIP, PENNSYLVANIA – AUGUST 18: Democratic presidential candidate, U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris greets patrons in Primanti Bros. Restaurant on August 18, 2024 in Moon Township, Pennsylvania. (Photo by Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images)
If you know anything about that city’s sports fans, you know getting between them and their sports teams is the quickest way to hemorrhage votes.
The Democrats’ game plan to win male votes can be summed up as the Harris Hail Mary late in the fourth quarter, except they have no idea which end of the field to throw the ball.
This shouldn’t be so hard. After all, we’re told she’s from the middle class.
Their man game is so bad Harris picked Minnesota Governor Tim Walz for her VP nominee, somehow convinced a white dude who put tampons in boys bathrooms would sell with men in blue-collar battleground states.
To put an exclamation point on just how pro-dude they are, they gave Walz a shotgun and put him in front of the camera. Pro tip, next time check to see if your dude liaison can load a gun before the cameras roll.
The only way that could have gone any worse is if Dick Cheney went shooting with him.
This is also the first presidential election since 1992 that the Teamsters Union did not endorse a Democrat for president and instead made no endorsement. Make no mistake, with the union’s rank and file throwing their weight behind Trump by nearly 60%, the ringleaders’ non-endorsement is in fact an endorsement.
General President of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters Sean O’Brien speaks during the first day of the 2024 Republican National Convention at the Fiserv Forum in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, July 15, 2024. (Photo by ANDREW CABALLERO-REYNOLDS/AFP via Getty Images)
“Hard times create strong men, strong men create good times, good times create weak men, and weak men create hard times,” is a quote often attributed to U.S. combat veteran G. Michael Hopf.
Right now our country is full of strong men who reject a feminized version of manliness. They won’t be browbeaten into believing they have to apologize for their gender and bow to the second “x” chromosome whenever it shows up.
Strong men embrace their masculinity and know there’s nothing toxic about wanting to save their country this November.
* * *
Lauren DeBellis Appell, a former lobbyist and communications aide on Capitol Hill, is a writer based in Fairfax, Virginia. Follow her on X/Twitter: @LDAppell.
The views expressed in this piece are those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of The Daily Wire.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
