Headline:
 Manhood 101: Six Manly Movies For Men Who Need A Reminder 

Article Text:
 Consider this a Public Service Announcement for Team Harris/Walz.
Consider this a Public Service Announcement for Team Harris/Walz.
The Democratic ticket is struggling to coax men to vote Democrat on November 5. All the farcical hunting trips and faux-tough rockers can’t sell half the population on Vice President Kamala Harris.
And let’s not get started on that macho men for Harris ad. John Wayne never crossed his legs the way that one actor does in the spot.
The Democrats would be better off watching the following movies to get pointers on Manhood 101.
Hulton Archive/Getty Images
It’s OK to tear up during the Western’s final moments. Honest. Up until then, director George Stevens’ film showcases why masculinity matters.
Alan Ladd plays the title character, a retired gunslinger who decides to help ranchers at the mercy of a local thug. Shane wants to put killing behind him, but getting to know the Starrett clan changes those plans.
Decent people deserve someone who can protect them. Their survival comes first.
Shane memorably teaches young Joey Starrett (Brandon deWilde) how to use a gun and wrestles a massive tree trunk with the Starrett patriarch in another iconic scene. He even feels a romantic tug for Mrs. Starrett (Jean Arthur) but knows not to break up their nuclear family.
The final gunfight remains a thing of beauty all these years later, a testament to cool under fire.
English actor Robert Shaw (1927 – 1978) as Quint, viewed through a set of shark jaws, in a publicity still for ‘Jaws’, directed by Steven Spielberg, 1975. (Photo by Silver Screen Collection/Getty Images)
The ultimate shark thriller doubles as a treatise on masculinity. The three male characters capture the shades of the modern man. Roy Scheider’s Sheriff Brody is a calm, cool and committed leader. He also knows when he’s out of his depth. He pushes past his fear of the water to stop a shark from snacking on more Amity beach dwellers.
Quint, memorably played by Robert Shaw, is the ultimate Alpha Male.
Richard Dreyfuss’s scholarly Matt Hooper looks like a “Revenge of the Nerds” castoff, but he proves his mettle when it counts. He’s also not afraid to show fear in the face of what seems like insurmountable odds. One of the film’s best lines? Hooper struggles to clean his diving mask seconds before he descends into the steel cage for an up close and personal look at the shark.
“I’ve got no spit,” he confesses, capturing both fear and resilience. He’s still going down to confront the shark. That’s what a man does.
Sylvester Stallone, Carl Weathers, Lou Fillipo and Burgess Meredith in “Rocky” 1976. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Studios.
Rocky Balboa could have lived down to everyone’s expectations. Sylvester Stallone’s character wasn’t bright, nor was he born with anything resembling a silver spoon in his mouth. He was a journeyman fighter granted a chance to make something of himself. That’s assuming he can last a few rounds with the great Apollo Creed (Carl Weathers).
Stay down, Rocky. No one expects you to win.
Rocky won’t quit. He screws up his courage, trains harder than he’s ever trained before and manages to woo a shy pet shop clerk named Adrian (Talia Shire) along the way.
“Ain’t gonna be no rematch,” Creed grunts late in the fight, knowing Rocky will never quit.
There’s a reason Stallone remains a star at 78. Fans love his aspirational characters, none more than the Italian Stallion. Rocky represents a puncher’s chance, the notion that anyone in America can corral their destiny with hard work, hustle and an indomitable spirit.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, Shane Black, Jesse Ventura, Carl Weathers, Bill Duke, Richard Chaves, Sonny Landham. “Predator”. 1987. 20th Century Fox. Lawrence Gordon Productions. Silver Pictures. Photo by Sunset Boulevard/Corbis via Getty Images
You may never see more unchecked testosterone in a feature film. Arnold Schwarzenegger leads this manly ensemble, a war picture that takes a Sci-Fi turn when the title creatures appears.
Co-stars Jesse Ventura, Bill Duke, Carl Weathers and Sonny Landham tear down half the jungle trying to swat their invisible foe. Only Schwarzenegger’s character lives long enough for the battle royale.
Muscle. Sweat. Blood. It’s the perfect ‘80s action movie in a decade loaded with over-the-top male heroes.
Bruce Willis as John McClane in “Die Hard.” 20th Century Fox. Gordon Company. Silver Pictures. 1988.
Sure, it’s a Christmas movie, but beneath the yuletide tinsel lies a tribute to a father and husband. Det. John McClane (Bruce Willis) gets the worst Christmas present possible – a gang of Eurotrash thieves overtakes Nakatomi Plaza on December 24.
McClane’s ex (Bonnie Bedelia) is among the hostages, and he’ll stop at nothing to save her. He’ll walk barefoot over broken glass and stare down one of Hollywood’s most memorable villains, Hans Gruber (Alan Rickman).
He’s got the heart of a champion, showcased in four increasingly diminished sequels. He also knows when it’s best to use a wisecrack to keep the enemy off balance.
Willis lacked the cartoonish physique of Stallone and Schwarzenegger, the ‘80s defining action stars. He made do with a wife-beater T-shirt and a never-say-die spirit.
“Road House.” Silver Pictures. United Artists.
“Be nice. If he won’t walk, walk him. But be nice.”
Patrick Swayze’s James Dalton can crack skulls with the best of him. The bouncer would rather de-escalate a bar fight than pour gasoline on its flames. Masculinity can evoke restraint, too.
Dalton could take on a roomful of drunks, but being a man means knowing when violence is the very last resort.
Being a man also means treating a lady right. Dalton proves he’s aces on that front, too, while courting his lovely physician (Kelly Lynch).
* * *
Christian Toto is an award-winning journalist, movie critic and editor of HollywoodInToto.com. He previously served as associate editor with Breitbart News’ Big Hollywood. Follow him at @HollywoodInToto.
The views expressed in this piece are those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of The Daily Wire.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
