Headline:
 The Best Takedowns From Ben Shapiro’s Showdown With 25 Kamala Voters 

Article Text:
 The Daily Wire host destroys emotional leftist arguments by calmly presenting a conservative point of view.
Daily Wire Editor Emeritus Ben Shapiro entered the lion’s den in a video posted on Thursday, taking down arguments made by 25 Kamala Harris supporters on numerous topics.
Shapiro faced off with the leftists in a video produced by Jubilee, a media company that focuses on putting people in provocative conversations. During Shapiro’s one hour and forty minutes being surrounded by Harris supporters, the Daily Wire host destroyed emotional leftist arguments by calmly presenting a conservative point of view.
The debate was structured so that each person in the room raced to a single chair facing Shapiro for a chance to challenge him. Whoever was in the chair could speak until either a majority of their fellow leftists voted them out by raising a red flag or until the time limit on the specific topic was reached.
Here are Shapiro’s best takedowns from the Jubilee video:
The Daily Wire editor emeritus blasted one man’s argument that the southern border is currently closed, and there is only a “small trickle” of illegal immigrants coming into the U.S.
“So your argument is that it’s not happening and it’s good that it is,” Shapiro replied.

The Daily Wire host questioned one Harris voter’s support for diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI), saying there’s no need for “a conversation about why we ought to be represented by race or by sex.”
“I think that we are each individual people with individual ideas, and if that person represents my ideas, I don’t care what sex, race, or sexual orientation they are.”

One man donning a hat with flowers on it started his conversation with Shapiro by stating that they were standing on “stolen” land.
“Are you moving anytime soon?” Shapiro asked.
“No, but the fact of the matter is I’m born and raised [in] California…”
“Yeah, but it’s stolen land so why don’t you give it back?”
“We should,” the Harris supporter replied.
“So why don’t you?” Shapiro asked. “You could do it today. Right now.”

Another man who debated Shapiro dismissed Shapiro’s concern over the federal government losing track of over 300,000 children who crossed the southern border.
“I think that the federal government has a responsibility to release children who come across the border only to people for whom there is follow-up available,” Shapiro said. “And I find it very bizarre that you’re totally fine with people just signing off on handing over children to people who merely claim to be relatives without any follow-up whatsoever.”
“Your lack of concern about what happens to those kids without proper verification and follow-up is disquieting to me,” he added.

The Daily Wire host responded to one Harris supporter who argued that it’s unfair to criticize the Biden-Harris administration for the war in Gaza after Hamas attacked Israel.
“The Biden administration came in, it decided to take an antithetical view to the Saudi government, not just the Israeli government. They came in, they were very unfriendly to Saudi Arabia,” he said, adding, that the Biden administration also began distancing itself from the Israeli government.
“Hamas and Iran saw this, and they decided the best way to put pressure on the Abraham Accords more generally and to forestall any prospective peace deal between the Saudis and the Israelis would be to launch the attack right now,” Shapiro said.

Shapiro shot back at a Harris supporter’s argument that wealth in the U.S. is mostly created through nepotism. Shapiro used himself as an example, saying that while he is wealthy now, he “certainly wasn’t born very wealthy.” After another person in the group laughed at Shapiro’s statement, the Daily Wire editor emeritus responded.
“You can laugh at my particular history, but I grew up in an eleven hundred square-foot home in Burbank, California, with four siblings in one bedroom,” he said.

While still discussing DEI with the same Harris supporter, Shapiro celebrated the ending of Affirmative Action.
“We’ve had affirmative action programs in this country for solidly 40 years,” Shapiro said.
“But now affirmative action is gone. It’s out the door,” the Harris voter replied.
“Thank God,” Shapiro said.

A trans-identifying woman spoke for around five minutes, barely letting Shapiro respond to her questions. But in the few seconds that Shapiro was able to get a word in, he calmly responded with biological facts.

Shapiro was asked by one woman, who said she is pro-abortion through “all nine months,” why his definition of abortion includes the death of a “fetus.” The Daily Wire host responded, saying, “Because that’s literally the definition of abortion.”
“Where are you getting your definition [of abortion] from?” Shapiro asked.
“Let’s go to like Mayo Clinic, like any hospital you’ve ever gone to before,” the woman replied. “You can say that abortion is the ending of a pregnancy, right?”
“No,” Shapiro responded. “You can’t say that.”
“What do you value in a fetus then?” she asked.
“The life of the fetus,” Shapiro said.

Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
