Headline:
 Vivek Ramaswamy Mans A Garbage Truck: ‘We’re Not Garbage’ 

Article Text:
 "Proud to be rolling up in a garbage truck to a Trump campaign event in North Carolina shortly," Ramaswamy wrote on X.
Entrepreneur and former presidential candidate Vivek Ramaswamy responded to President Joe Biden’s “garbage” comment while he manned a garbage truck and said Trump supporters are “not garbage.”
On Wednesday, Ramaswamy — part of former President Donald Trump’s team — posted a video on X showing him working a shift as a sanitation worker on his way to a campaign stop in Charlotte, North Carolina. It came after Biden called tens of millions of Trump supporters “garbage” on Tuesday during a Zoom call with Latino supporters while Vice President Kamala Harris was attempting to send a message of unity in her closing remarks of her campaign.
“Let’s do it, man,” Ramaswamy said as he and another sanitation worker collected trash on the street, as the other worker instructed him on how the truck worked.
“The machinery is good,” he added, before the two took off to collect more.
We’re not the garbage, we’re *taking out* the garbage. pic.twitter.com/cwNQjVeFLn
— Vivek Ramaswamy (@VivekGRamaswamy) October 30, 2024
Ramaswamy wrote in a second post, “America is ready for us to TAKE OUT THE TRASH in this election. Proud to be rolling up in a garbage truck to a Trump campaign event in North Carolina shortly. Going to clean up some actual trash on the streets first.”
After he arrived at the event wearing the sanitation worker attire, the member of the Trump campaign told the crowd, it’s “time to clean up America.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
A short time later, video surfaced on X of Trump also wearing sanitation attire while riding in a garbage truck that contained his name on the side of it while he was on his way to speak to supporters at a rally in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
“I just wanted to let you know that 250 million people, that’s what I think the real number is for making America Great again, the real number,” Trump said. “They don’t think in terms of garbage … and Joe Biden should be ashamed of himself if he knows what he’s even doing.”
Harris and her surrogates have been busy trying to clean up comments Biden made when he referenced remarks an insult comedian made at Trump’s rally in Madison Square Garden.
“And just the other day, a speaker at his rally called Puerto Rico a ‘floating island of garbage,'” Biden said in the call. “Well, let me tell you something. I don’t — I — I don’t know the Puerto Rican that — that I know — or a Puerto Rico, where I’m fr- — in my home state of Delaware, they’re good, decent, honorable people.”
“The only garbage I see floating out there is his supporters — his — his demonization of Latinos is unconscionable, and it’s un-American.  It’s totally contrary to everything we’ve done, everything we’ve been,” he added.
Related: Biden Slammed After Calling 74 Million Americans ‘Garbage’
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
