Headline:
 Amy Coney Barrett 

Article Text:
 Justice Samuel Alito wrecked the government’s defense of the ATF “ghost gun” rule during oral arguments Tuesday by asking if eggs and peppers are an omelet.
Supreme Court Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson sided with conservatives in a crucial decision Friday that could see many prosecutions of participants in the January 6, 2021 riot at the U.S. Capitol overturned, or dropped.
Social media companies like Facebook are free to continue censoring conservatives according to a divided Supreme Court, over a vigorous conservative dissent.
WASHINGTON, DC – Establishment media botched coverage of the Supreme Court, as the court flubbed the punting of a case by accidentally posting early an order dismissing the abortion case  – without any decision – on the showdown behind the Biden administration’s ER abortion mandate and Idaho’s pro-life law.
The Supreme Court ruled in a 6-3 opinion against an illegal alien who sought to secure a visa to stay in the United States after having been denied for allegedly being a member of the MS-13 gang.
Governor Gretchen Whitmer (D-MI) Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union” accused Supreme Court Justices Neil Gorsuch, Brett Kavanaugh and Amy Coney Barrett of lying to Congress after the Dobbs decision.
The U.S. Supreme Court issued a ruling on Tuesday allowing the Texas SB4 Immigration Law to go into effect, at least for now. The action by the court will leave in place an appeals court administrative stay on an earlier federal judge’s preliminary injunction blocking the law from taking effect as scheduled. The latest ruling will see the matter sent back to United States Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals who will hear the case on appeal.
Former President Donald Trump appears to be headed for a massive victory at the Supreme Court on the Colorado case over his eligibility to be the on the 2024 ballot.
The Supreme Court has denied a writ of injunction request which sought an injunction against enforcement of Illinois’ “assault weapons” ban.
Sen. Marsha Blackburn (R-TN) credited the Trump Administration in part “for the historic and constitutional decisions that we have seen as of late” from the U.S. Supreme Court.
Federal law’s preference for placing American Indian children with Indian caretakers is consistent with the Constitution, a divided Supreme Court held on Thursday.
On Monday the state of Illinois and city of Naperville responded to U.S. Supreme Court Justice Amy Coney Barrett’s notice that they respond to an injunction request against their “assault weapon” bans.
On Tuesday afternoon, the Chicago Tribune reported that Supreme Court Justice Amy Coney Barrett gave the city of Naperville until Monday to respond to a challenge levied against its “assault weapons” ban.
An emergency application filed with Supreme Court Justice Amy Coney Barrett asked the court to intervene and issue an injunction against two separate “assault weapons” bans in Illinois pending appellate review.
WASHINGTON, District of Columbia — As thousands of pro-life Americans gathered in the nation’s capital Friday to celebrate and promote life, many attendees told Breitbart News the Republican Party should be a stronger pro-life advocate.
MIAMI, Florida — Former President Donald Trump pledged he will never cut Social Security if elected again to the White House in an exclusive interview with Breitbart News here earlier in December.
Whether the government can force web designers to create websites celebrating gay marriage was the issue Tuesday at the Supreme Court, in the latest clash between free speech rights on one hand and a Colorado law forbidding LGBT discrimination on the other.
President Joe Biden falsely claimed Friday that the Supreme Court sided with his student debt transfer, because Justice Amy Coney Barrett had no choice but to reject one lawsuit because of a jurisdictional issue, while other challenges may succeed.
Pro-abortion Rhodes College alumni are demanding that the school remove U.S. Supreme Court Justice Amy Coney Barrett from its alumni Hall of Fame in reaction to the Justice voting to overrule Roe v. Wade earlier this summer.
The Supreme Court will decide whether the Biden administration must detain and deport certain types of aliens – both legal and illegal – which would instantly force Joe Biden’s immigration policy to resemble Donald Trump’s policy on those issues.
The Department of Justice on Friday continued ignoring a federal statute prohibiting protests outside the homes of judges. The Department of Justice is charged with protecting the justices of the Supreme Court.
Former President Donald Trump took a victory lap on Friday after the Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade.
After Keith Olbermann showed his fascist stripes in calling for the dissolution of the Supreme Court, he revealed his sexist fangs by belittling Justice Amy Coney Barrett as a “paralegal.”
The U.S. Supreme Court has temporarily blocked Texas’ law against social media censorship from taking effect, with Trump-appointed Supreme Court justices Amy Coney Barrett and Brett Kavanaugh joining the majority to send the anti-censorship bill back to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Glenn Youngkin requested that local police departments establish a security perimeter around the homes of three U.S. Supreme Court Justices.
President Joe Biden is silent about leftists targeting the homes of Supreme Court justices following a weekend of pro-abortion protests.
Virginia Gov. Glenn Youngkin, a Republican, is aware of the protests at U.S. Supreme Court Justices’s homes and has ordered Virginia State Police to monitor them and provide assistance if necessary, a spokeswoman for the governor told Breitbart News.
Leftist activists are directing protestors to confront conservative Supreme Court Justices at their homes in Maryland and Virginia.
SCOTUS unanimously ruled against the City of Boston for denying a group the right to fly the Christian Flag outside the entrance of City Hall.
Supreme Court Associate Justice Amy Coney Barrett was heckled this month while speaking at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation and Institute in California, and her reaction served as a reminder of her grace under fire during Senate confirmation hearings in 2020.
Whoopi Goldberg told her co-hosts Monday on ABC’s “The View” that Republican senators voting against confirming Supreme Court nominee Ketanji Brown Jackson should admit they “don’t trust a black woman to do the job.”
Jennifer Mascott, an associate professor of law at George Mason University’s Antonin Scalia Law School, warned on Wednesday that Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson’s refusal to clearly embrace the judicial philosophy of originalism raises concerns about the Supreme Court nominee’s possible reluctance to apply constitutional limitations of government power if confirmed to America’s highest court.
Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) on Tuesday slammed fellow Senate Democrats for applying a religious test for Justice Amy Coney Barrett during her senate nomination hearings while giving President Biden’s nominee Ketanji Brown Jackson a pass.
Joy Behar told her co-host Thursday on ABC’s “The View” that Supreme Court Justices Clarence Thomas and Amy Coney Barrett were deliberately placed on the highest court to oppose women’s rights and black people’s rights.
Former Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-MO) said Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Deadline” that Senate Democrats are “anxious” to make the Republicans feel the pain they did during the 27-day process that confirmed Justice Amy Coney Barrett.
WASHINGTON, DC – Vaccine mandates had a rough day at the Supreme Court Friday, as the justices appear poised to block President Joe Biden’s large employer vaccine mandate, though the fate of Biden’s healthcare provider mandate remains unclear.
Justice Gorsuch asked Biden’s Solicitor General, “Why isn’t this a major question that belongs in the states and in the halls of Congress?”
Pro-life groups are praising the SCOTUS decision in Whole Women’s Health v. Jackson to let the abortion law stand as litigation continues.
Whoopi Goldberg told her co-hosts Thursday on ABC’s “The View” that the Supreme Court has no right to question “what a fetus wants.”
MSNBC’s Joy Reid said Wednesday on her show “The ReidOut” that the lawyers defending the Mississippi law that bans abortions after 15 weeks of pregnancy were making the argument “that a woman is essentially a vessel whose only purpose is to give birth.”




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
