Headline:
 Disneyland 

Article Text:
 Disney theme parks in the United States will soon be rolling out a new “surge pricing” plan, sparking consumer backlash.
Disneyland is hiking its ticket prices for its high-demand days on the tail of reports that Disney’s parks are seeing looming financial loss.
A shocking video from Disney California Adventure Park shows children screaming for help as their mother was led out in handcuffs.
NEW YORK (AP) — Thousands of workers at Disney’s theme park and resort properties in California voted late Friday to authorize a potential strike, as contract negotiations drag on.
Visitors to Disneyland in Anaheim, California, could soon be greeted with picket lines as a key labor group that represents 14,000 of the park’s cast members is preparing for a strike authorization vote amid contract negotiations.
Nearly 50 percent of parents with children under 18 take on debt for Disney trips with in-park food and beverages the biggest drain on the family vacation budget, a survey shows.
Disneyland performers who help bring Mickey Mouse, Cinderella, and other beloved characters to life at the Southern California resort chose to unionize following a three-day vote culminating on Saturday.
Video of a slap fight between adult women at Disneyland is going viral after the footage was posted to social media site Instagram.
Performers who help bring Disney’s beloved characters to life at its Southern California theme parks filed a petition Wednesday to form a labor union.
SANTA ANA, Calif. — Visitors to Disney’s California parks could one day walk through the snow-covered hamlet of Arendelle from “Frozen” or the bustling, critter-filled metropolis of “Zootopia” under a park expansion plan approved by the Anaheim City Council.
Residents of Anaheim, California, are unhappy over announced plans for Disneyland to buy up several city-owned streets and to close them off to local traffic as part of the park’s expansion plans.
A 3.5-magnitude earthquake Monday night in Fullerton, just two miles north of Disneyland, forced employees to evacuate some rides at the Anaheim theme park. No injuries were reported – either among visitors or workers.
A 26-year-old man was arrested at Disneyland in California after stripping down naked and wandering around the theme park’s “It’s a Small World” ride on Sunday.
Lines for key attractions at Disney theme parks have swelled to such long wait times that people have reportedly been defecating.
Nolte: Shonda Rhimes, one of the most successful showrunners in TV history, bolted from ABC to Netflix after Disney screwed her out of a Disneyland pass.
A group of nearly half a dozen park goers at Disneyland in Anaheim, California, erupted in a wild brawl Thursday, knocking over baby strollers as they threw haymakers at each other.
As if visiting a Disney theme park wasn’t already outrageously expensive, the Walt Disney Company is once again hiking the price of admission to Disney World in Orlando and Disneyland in Anaheim, with certain passes skyrocketing by as much as 21 percent.
It appears Disney is still assigning grown men dressed in skirts and dresses as greeters for children at its Disneyland Bibbidi Bobbidi Boutique attraction, where little girls are treated to a “princess makeover.”
Disney’s third-quarter earnings showed it took major hits in its streaming business while domestic parks continue to struggle.
The Walt Disney Company has settled a $5 million class action lawsuit brought by fans who claimed the Magic Key annual pass for Disneyland didn’t grant them unlimited access to the park as promised. The federal suit, which was initiated
A massive $2 billion theme park is being planned in Oklahoma, to rival the woke Disney theme parks, officials announced on Wednesday.
Soaring prices are keeping ordinary American families away from Disney World and Disneyland — the result of  runaway Bidenflation plus Disney’s penchant for finding new and creative ways to gouge consumers at every turn.
The Anaheim Police Department are accusing a woman of trying to escape their custody by sneaking into Disneyland and hiding on a ride.
Disneyland Paris has become mired in a major employee walkoff as hundreds of employees have joined a strike against the park causing rides to shut down and stage shows to be canceled as the first full week of June kicked off.
Nolte: Disney is now allowing transvestites to greet your children at Disneyland.
A TikTok video that appears to show a male Disneyland employee dressed in drag and greeting children has gone viral, attracting millions of views since being posted earlier this week.
A giant 45-foot-tall animatronic dragon exploded into flames and sent parkgoers fleeing for the exits during a popular Disneyland performance Saturday night.
Disneyland has announced its first gay “Pride Nite” celebration, which will be the California park’s first-ever, after-hours event celebrating Pride Month. Children of all ages will be admitted to the party, which will feature Disney-themed celebrations of gay and transgender people.
The iconic song Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah” has been removed from Disneyland’s Magic Happens parade, presumably for its Song of the South origins.
Feb. 20 (UPI) — Australian actress Rebel Wilson is engaged. She and actress and fashion and jewelry designer Ramona Agruma made the announcement via an Instagram post showing the couple in matching shirts at Disneyland. The Pitch Perfect actress and
The Walt Disney Co. has posted online notices asking visitors to its theme parks to “treat others with respect” and to show each other “compassion” in the wake of series of brawls that have gone viral, including the massive Magic Kingdom slugfest in July.
Shanghai’s Disneyland Resort abruptly shut down on Monday over the Chinese coronavirus, leaving guests trapped guests inside the theme park.
Ticket prices are so high at Disney’s resorts that some parents are apparently disguising toddlers as infants to skirt the costs.
While claiming that demand for its resort packages remains high, Disneyland has raised the price of its top-tier pass to $1,599 a person.
Disneyland’s Facebook and Instagram accounts were recently hacked by a self-proclaimed “super hacker” who made racist posts and threatened to release another coronavirus. The posts were deleted by Disney within an hour.
A recent report claims that Disneyland guests are regularly evacuated from the theme park’s Star Wars ride, “Rise of the Resistance,” as often as three times in one day due to various malfunctions.
Hundreds of concerned parents and activists converged on Disneyland in Anaheim, California, Wednesday evening to protest the Walt Disney Co.’s woke agenda that includes targeting children with radical gay and transgender ideology.
Shanghai Disneyland is staying closed nearly two weeks after shuttering its doors due to a surge in infections of the Chinese coronavirus in the region. Shanghai’s Disney resorts also remain closed, with all ticket sales suspended until a reopening date is announced for the parks.
In a leaked video from Disney’s “Reimagine Tomorrow” summit, Disney’s “diversity and inclusion” manager Vivian Ware can be seen in telling employees that the company no longer refers to patrons as “ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls” to assuage transgender guests. The City Journal’s Christopher Rufo first reported the story on Tuesday and posted a series of video clips of the summit to his Twitter account.
Walt Disney, a left-wing company that supports sexualizing prepubescent children and appears to hire an awful lot of sex perverts, is taking heat for becoming an over-priced and greedy institution normal families can no longer afford.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
