Headline:
 Lee Greenwood 

Article Text:
 Miss Buckhead USA 2025, who is a man living as a woman, has decided not to compete in the upcoming Miss Georgia USA pageant.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Carrie Underwood might not be Beyoncé or Garth Brooks in the celebrity superstar ecosystem. But the singer’s participation in President-elect Donald Trump’s inauguration is nevertheless a sign of the changing tides, where mainstream entertainers, from Nelly to The Village People are more publicly and more enthusiastically associating with the new administration.
HBO’s John Oliver and actor Will Ferrell hope they can dethrone Lee Greenwood’s soaring rendition of God Bless the USA at U.S. citizen naturalization ceremonies with a new song that ridicules America and contains lyrics that attack Republicans.
BUTLER, Pennsylvania — Donald Trump on Saturday returned to the stage where he took an assassin’s bullet to send an unmistakable message — to fans and detractors alike — that the man and the movement he has led since descending the golden escalator live on.
Musician Lee Greenwood speaks with Breitbart News’ Bradley Jaye about introducing Donald Trump on the first night of the Republican National Convention following the former president surviving an assassination attempt.
Lee Greenwood responded to critics of former President Donald Trump after he endorsed the musician’s $60 “God Bless the U.S.A. Bible.”
Former President Donald Trump has teamed up with country music star Lee Greenwood on a new, patriot-themed edition of the Bible — the “God Bless the U.S.A.” Bible, which comes with copies of the U.S. Constitution, Bill of Rights, Declaration of Independence, and Pledge of Allegiance.
Country musician Lee Greenwood said Thursday on FNC’s “Jesse Watters Primetime” his colleague Jason Aldean is the “biggest patriot” while discussing the controversy surrounding  his song and video, “Try That In A Small Town.”
Lee Greenwood, Larry Gatlin, and Larry Stewart have all pulled out of performing at the National Rifle Association (NRA) convention.
Media figures went wild on Wednesday with accusations of bias on the part of Kyle Rittenhouse trial Judge Bruce Schroeder over his ringtone.
Country music star Lee Greenwood is joining with Breland Homes to construct a custom-built house for a wounded veteran in Alabama.
Saturday, during an appearance on MSNBC, liberal documentary filmmaker Michael Moore reflected on what was most important to Michiganders as Tuesday’s presidential election approached in a vital swing state.
Comedienne and actress Roseanne Barr is scheduled to appear at the annual “Trumpettes” gala at Mar-a-Lago on Super Bowl weekend.
God Bless the USA singer Lee Greenwood appeared on stage Sunday night with President Donald Trump for a rally in Tennessee.
Country music star John Rich tweeted support for Republican Marsha Blackburn on Thursday and made clear he was headed to the poll to vote for her.
Singers Jackie Evancho, Lee Greenwood and other artists say it’s an honor to perform at President Donald Trump’s inauguration, despite facing a barrage of backlash and personal insults for agreeing to perform.
Country singer Lee Greenwood performed his hit song, “God Bless the U.S.A.,” at the “Make America Great Again: Welcome Celebration” concert in Washington, D.C. ahead of Donald Trump’s inauguration on Thursday.
Country music singer Lee Greenwood says the entertainers who backed out of performing at Donald Trump’s inauguration have made a “mistake.”
Country musician Toby Keith, rock band 3 Doors Down and more artists will perform at Donald Trump’s pre-inauguration concert in Washington, D.C. on January 19, the Presidential Inaugural Committee announced Friday.
He’s proud to be an American. They’re ashamed that he’s singing at their hockey game.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
