Headline:
 Mike Lindell 

Article Text:
 Tina Peters, former clerk for Colorado’s Mesa County, has been sentenced to nine years in prison for leading a security breach to tamper with the 2020 election under false and unproven suspicions of voter fraud.
Attorneys representing MyPillow founder and CEO Mike Lindell have quit representing him over allegedly millions owed in legal fees.
Former President Donald Trump declined to endorse either incumbent Republican National Committee (RNC) chairwoman Ronna McDaniel or her challenger, RNC national committeewoman from California Harmeet Dhillon
Walmart pulled conservative activist Mike Lindell’s MyPillow from its stores this week, citing the product’s alleged low ratings.
Former President Donald Trump will hold a “Save America” Rally in Greensburg, Pennsylvania, on Friday, May 6.
Despite many conservatives returning to Twitter following news of Tesla CEO Elon Musk’s successful takeover bid and dedication to free speech, MyPillow CEO Mike Lindell was banned from the platform once again about three hours after his return.
A judge ordered the rearrest of Doug Jensen, one of the protesters charged in the January 6 Capitol riot, for watching an online program featuring MyPillow CEO Mike Lindell.
Politico and The Hill reported Tuesday that the Democrat National Committee is already at work investigating more than 20 possible Republican candidates.
Gun control activist David Hogg announced Saturday that he is leaving the pillow company he co-founded in an effort to compete with Mike Lindell’s MyPillow.
World Net Daily, a conservative news and commentary site in operation since 1997, was demonetized by Google-owned YouTube after releasing a video defending MyPillow CEO Mike Lindell.
David Hogg, the 19-year-old gun-grabbing fascist who makes the Hitler Youth look like the Marx Brothers, is so angry that My Pillow creator Mike Lindell has his own opinions on things, he’s harrumphing about starting his own pillow company.
Social media giant Twitter has blacklisted the official account of the MyPillow company after CEO Mike Lindell used it to post a personal message, which the platform claims is a violation of its ban evasion policy. Jack Dorsey’s company banned Lindell from the platform last week.
A Christian organization has been suspended from Twitter for stating the biological sex of a Biden appointee as a HHS official.
A group of conservative activists carried out a protest against Bed Bath & Beyond store in Larkspur, California, on Tuesday after the chain store dropped MyPillow products over founder Mike Lindell’s criticism of the 2020 election.
Twitter has permanently banned Mike Lindell, CEO of MyPillow and one of former President Donald Trump’s staunchest supporters in the business world.
Turning Point USA (TPUSA) is hosting its sixth annual Student Action Summit (SAS) in West Palm Beach, Florida, this weekend. Day 2 of the event kicks off Sunday morning, and will feature Dan Bongino, Jesse Watters, My Pillow CEO Mike Lindell, and many more.
Moms for America gave its Mothers of Influence award to South Dakota Gov. Kristi Noem, who came to D.C. with her family for the honor.
Moms for America is hosting a rally on the National Mall at on Sunday to honor the First Amendment’s guarantee of freedom of religion.
A series of “Jericho Marches” is set to take place around the country at contested state capitols on Saturday with the main event being held in Washington, DC, at locations including the U.S. Capitol, the Supreme Court, and the Department of Justice.
Actor Ricky Schroder delivered a warning Tuesday to those sending him threats for helping arrange bail money for the 17-year-old Illinois teen Kyle Rittenhouse, who’s accused of killing two people in Wisconsin earlier this year.
Kyle Rittenhouse’s release on bond was an example of “Law and disorder,” Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) said Saturday.
The left is coming unglued over news that actor Ricky Schroder and My Pillow CEO Mike Lindell allegedly helped with the $2 million bail that allowed Kyle Rittenhouse to go home from police custody on Friday.
Left-wing figures from celebrities to establishment media members attacked actor Ricky Schroder after it was revealed that he was among the many who helped post the $2 million bail to release Kyle Rittenhouse, the 17-year-old accused of fatally shooting two people in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
Minnesota, which has not voted for a Republican presidential candidate in 48 years, appears in play as Democrat presidential candidate Joe Biden leads President Donald Trump by single digits, according to a MinnPost poll released Tuesday.
Mike Lindell, inventor and CEO of My Pillow Inc., told Breitbart News Tonight that President Donald Trump will flip Minnesota red in November — something that has not occurred in 48 years.
The recent unrest in Minneapolis was “moving votes” because residents in the suburbs and rural areas want to keep America and their state safe, My Pillow CEO Mike Lindell said Friday at President Donald Trump’s rally in Bemidji, Minnesota.
Tuesday on CNN, anchor Anderson Cooper had an explosive, 20-minute interview with the CEO of My Pillow Michael Lindell over his promotion of oleandrin, a plant extract from the poisonous plant oleander, as a treatment for coronavirus.
Pandemic lockdowns and leftist-drive riots offer a vision of socialism under a Joe Biden presidency, said MyPillow CEO Mike Lindell.
Rioters not wearing masks while many Americans were forced to remain in lockdown exposed government leaders’ double standard, MyPillow CEO Mike Lindell said at President Trump’s Great American Comeback Rally Saturday in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
“I think we’re in the greatest revival in history,” said Mike Lindell, describing adversity as an opportunity for spiritual development.
Appearing Tuesday on Fox Business Network’s “Lou Dobbs Tonight,” MyPillow CEO Mike Lindell described the corporate media’s coverage of his White House remarks during President Trump’s coronavirus Task Force press briefing as “evil.”
Several media personalities and Trump critics have attacked MyPillow’s Mike Lindell after he delivered brief remarks during President Trump’s coronavirus press briefing on Monday, where the CEO announced the dedication of 75 percent of his manufacturing capacity to produce masks for healthcare workers.
On Monday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “All In,” host Chris Hayes stated that it’s “crazy” to him that media outlets are still taking the White House’s coronavirus briefings live, “when you’ve got the MyPillow guy getting up there talking about reading
On Monday’s broadcast of CNN’s “Situation Room,” CNN Chief White House Correspondent Jim Acosta suggested that the White House’s coronavirus briefings could be “better designed” by not having “these PR stunts like Mr. Pillow coming out and giving a plug
My Pillow CEO Mike Lindell had some words of spiritual advice for the country on Monday at the White House. “I encourage you to use this time at home to get back in the word, read our Bibles and spend time with our families,” he said.
MyPillow, the Minnesota manufacturer of specialty pillows, linens, and other household products, said that it is answering the call for more face masks as the country continues to deal with the global coronavirus pandemic.
Mike Lindell, inventor and CEO of My Pillow Inc., sat down for an exclusive interview with Breitbart News Daily at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) on Saturday and spoke about his new book, his efforts to paint Minnesota Republican red, and President Trump rebranding the Republican Party as the “common sense party.”
MyPillow CEO Mike Lindell explained his rejection of left-wing boycott campaigns to pull advertising from conservative news media.
MyPillow CEO Mike Lindell said the forthcoming film Unplanned will “change hearts” and “save so many lives” with its pro-life message.
Abby Johnson, a former abortion clinic director at Planned Parenthood, joined Thursday’s edition of SiriusXM’s Breitbart News Daily, telling host Alex Marlow how Planned Parenthood trains its employees in selling abortion to women — particularly Christian women — with religious objections to such measures.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
