Headline:
 Presidential Debate 

Article Text:
 Incumbent President of Ecuador Daniel Noboa and establishment socialist candidate Luisa González clashed in a heated presidential debate on Sunday ahead of the April 13 runoff election.
Donald Trump made his future debate plans crystal clear after Tuesday night’s vice presidential debate.
Former director of strategic communications for the Trump 2020 presidential campaign Marc Lotter said Thursday on MSNBC’s “The Beat” that former President Donald Trump had no reason to debate Vice President Kamala Harris because he was leading in the polls.
The second presidential debate between former President Donald Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris failed to give the Democrat hopeful a “boost,” Politico’s polling experts acknowledged Monday.
There is positive movement in Donald Trump’s direction after the presidential debate and the second assassination attempt, per a poll.
CNN panelist Michael Ian Black told a lie about Donald Trump on CNN. After he got caught, Black apologized. Then, he deleted the apology.
Kamala Harris has given the same seemingly rehearsed and nearly verbatim response about the Israel-Hamas war three times in 19 days.
House Armed Services Military Personnel Subcommittee Chairman Jim Banks (R-IN) said Vice President Kamala Harris either lied for political points or is “clueless” that thousands of American troops are risking their lives overseas.
Some viewers of ABC’s World News Tonight with David Muir are apparently unhappy with how the presidential debate played out.
A top Walt Disney Company executive is refusing to answer if her close friendship with Kamala Harris affected last week’s ABC News presidential debate during which moderators David Muir and Linsey Davis showed clear and frequent bias in favor of Harris.
The ABC News debate between Donald Trump and Kamala Harris failed to move the needle in the presidential election, ABC admitted Sunday.
White House officials are upset with Vice President Kamala Harris for not defending the Biden-Harris administration’s record and President Joe Biden’s service during Tuesday’s debate, according to ABC News Senior White House Correspondent Selina Wang.
On Friday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Your World,” Harris-Walz Campaign Senior National Spokesman Ian Sams responded to criticism that ABC’s moderators failed to fact-check and press 2024 Democratic presidential candidate Vice President Kamala Harris the same way they
On Friday’s “PBS NewsHour,” Washington Post Associate Editor and MSNBC host Jonathan Capehart stated that 2024 Democratic presidential candidate Vice President Kamala Harris didn’t really detail her policies during that week’s debate, but that’s “the fault of debates these days”
On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher stated that 2024 Democratic presidential candidate Vice President Kamala Harris was “super far-left” the last time she ran for president and conceded that Harris didn’t get pressed hard enough during
Former President Donald Trump holds a slight lead over Vice President Kamala Harris in North Carolina, a Friday Quantus poll found post-debate.
Kamala Harris might have won the debate on points, but she whiffed on the opportunity to satisfy voters with policies beyond platitudes
Republican National Committee Co-Chair Lara Trump discusses Kamala Harris’s scripted debate performance – from her smirks and poses to her dodges and lies.
On Thursday’s broadcast of WBUR’s “Here and Now,” NPR Media Correspondent David Folkenflik stated that ABC debate moderators David Muir and Linsey Davis could have corrected 2024 Democratic presidential candidate Vice President Kamala Harris for falsely saying that her Republican
Donald Trump received a two-point bump in battleground state polling after Tuesday’s debate with Vice President Kamala Harris, a poll released Thursday shows.
Former President Donald Trump announced Thursday that “there will be no third debate,” suggesting Vice President Kamala Harris wants a rematch because she knows she lost the presidential debate hosted by ABC News this week.
The Chinese Foreign Ministry bristled on Wednesday at being asked about the presidential debate between Vice President Kamala Harris and former President Donald Trump, which took place Tuesday, insisting it does not want China to be “an issue” in the election.
Former President Donald Trump has the edge over Vice President Kamala Harris in Michigan after their debate on Tuesday, per a poll.
The announcement is a reversal in strategy and comes just two days after Harris appeared to avoid most questions during her first presidential debate.
Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich said Wednesday that Tuesday’s presidential debate was so clearly rigged that it ultimately helped Donald Trump and hurt Kamala Harris.
On Wednesday’s broadcast of NewsNation’s “On Balance,” Rep. Dean Phillips (D-MN) acknowledged that debate moderators David Muir and Linsey Davis could have pressed 2024 Democratic presidential candidate Vice President Kamala Harris more and “should have challenged her on some of
On Wednesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “The Lead,” host Jake Tapper said that, during the debate on Tuesday, 2024 Democratic presidential candidate Vice President Kamala Harris avoided questions on if people are better off than they were four years ago, if
On Wednesday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Your World,” Harris-Walz Campaign Co-Chair conceded that ABC debate moderators David Muir and Linsey Davis didn’t correct statements from 2024 Democratic presidential candidate Vice President Kamala Harris as much as they did statements
The view numbers for the first presidential debate were released on Wednesday, showing a significant rise from the June debate.
ABC moderators David Muir and Linsey Davis “ruined the debate, their own reputations, and their network’s brand” after showing “shameless bias” during Tuesday’s Trump-Harris face-off, according to world-renowned military historian Dr. Victor Davis Hanson, who likened the “three-on-one pile-on” to CNN’s Candy Crowley “hijacking” the 2012 presidential debate, inaccurately fact-checking Mitt Romney in an effort to defend Barack Obama.
ABC’s debate moderators, Linsey Davis and David Muir, failed to fact check Vice President Kamala Harris when she interrupted former President Donald Trump during Tuesday’s debate, saying, “That is not true” in response to Trump noting that under the leadership of Harris’s running mate, Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz (D), the state allows abortions up to nine months — despite ABC News itself recently reporting Trump’s claim to be true.
On Wednesday’s broadcast of Newsmax TV’s “The Record,” Commission on Presidential Debates Co-Founder and Co-Chair Frank J. Fahrenkopf Jr., who also was Chair of the RNC, stated the performance by moderators David Muir and Linsey Davis was “the worst performance that
I’m exhausted from fact-checking ABC’s fact-checkers, so I’m just going to tell you about a brilliant experiment that pretty clearly established who won the Trump-Clinton debates in 2016.
Outgoing President Joe Biden donned a red Trump campaign hat in Pennsylvania on Wednesday, one day after the presidential debate when former President Donald Trump said Biden “hates” Vice President Kamala Harris.
The Kabuki-worthy facial expressions modeled by Kamala Harris during Tuesday’s presidential debate had many viewers alternately perplexed and rolling in the aisles as the Democratic nominee sought to steal ABC News’ split screen from former President Donald Trump.
After leading in poll after poll for some five weeks, Kamala Harris has seen her lead against Donald Trump evaporate into a tie.
Germany attempted to defend its disastrous energy policies in a fact-check-style response to former President Donald Trump who held up Berlin as a warning to the American public in Tuesday’s debate with Vice President Kamala Harris.
The response from undecided voters is uniform. Even if they believe Kamala Harris won, her lack of specifics keeps them on the fence.
Kamala Harris delivered only one false statement during Tuesday night’s debate on ABC News, CNN Senior Reporter Daniel Dale alleged.
CLAIM: Vice President Kamala Harris falsely suggested during Tuesday’s debate that she was at the Capitol Building during the January 6 riot.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
