Headline:
 Qatar 

Article Text:
 President Donald Trump participates in a signing ceremony and an exchange of agreements in the Qatari capital of Doha on Wednesday, May 14.
On Tuesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “AC360,” Rep. Seth Moulton (D-MA) argued that President Donald Trump should focus on dealing with the issues with Boeing instead of trying to make the gift jet from Qatar work, but “What Congress should be
Steve Witkoff, the senior adviser and assistant to President Donald Trump who is helping lead major peace negotiations worldwide, told Breitbart News exclusively last week at the White House that he believes there is “big energy” for what he expects will be a likely expansion of the Abraham Accords in a matter of months not years.
Senator Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) said Tuesday on CNN’s “News Central” that President Donald Trump’s judicial nominees could face holds until Attorney General Pam Bondi provides “answers” to Congress on the $400 million jet from Qatar.
Donald Trump touched down in Saudi Arabia early Tuesday morning to a warm welcome by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman as he began the first leg of a whirlwind Gulf tour. Business deals are at the top of the U.S. president’s busy agenda that also takes in Qatar and the United Arab Emirates.
Senator Rand Paul (R-KY) said Monday on Fox News Channel’s “Jesse Watters Primetime” that President Donald Trump should not accept a $400 million jet from Qatar.
President Donald Trump chided an ABC News reporter during an executive order signing in the Roosevelt Room on Monday due to the framing of her question about a Boeing 747 airplane that Qatar is gifting the Department of Defense.
On Monday’s broadcast of CNN’s “News Central,” Rep. Dan Goldman (D-NY) claimed President Donald Trump accepting a $400 million jet from Qatar’s royal family was “brazen corruption.”
President Donald Trump confirmed that Qatar is giving the United States a luxury Boeing 747 jet “free of charge,” which will temporarily replace Air Force One.
WASHINGTON — Senior adviser and assistant to the president Steve Witkoff told Breitbart News exclusively that the government of Iran has told him the Iranians have agreed they do not want a nuclear weapon.
The White House announced on Tuesday that President Donald Trump will visit Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) from May 13 to May 16.
Representatives of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) met in Qatar with M23 insurgents last week to discuss a ceasefire.
The editor of the Jerusalem Post is speaking out after he was detained by investigators pursuing allegations that Qatar bribed aides to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, saying he was unjustly detained by the police.
The Syrian energy ministry on Tuesday attributed a nationwide blackout to a “technical malfunction in the electrical system.”
Several aides to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu are accused of taking money from Qatar in return for portraying that regime positively and downplaying Egypt’s role as a mediator in hostage talks, a judge said Tuesday.
Faye Hall, an American woman who was being held in Afghanistan by the Taliban, has profusely thanked President Donald Trump after he negotiated her release last week with the support of Qatar.
Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) President Felix Tshisekedi wrote a letter to President Donald Trump in which he offered extensive mineral rights to the U.S. Sovereign Wealth Fund in exchange for military assistance against the Rwanda-backed insurgent group M23.
Secretary of State Marco Rubio will immediately follow up his first travel since assuming the position of America’s top diplomat – a tour of Central America and the Caribbean – with travel to the Middle East, multiple outlets reported on Friday.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met Monday with National Security Adviser Mike Waltz and Special Envoy Steve Witkoff, after the latter viewed a 47-minute film detailing Hamas atrocities in the October 7 attack.
WASHINGTON — A senior official with the Qatari government is speaking out in a Breitbart News exclusive interview, encouraging President Donald Trump to continue the push for peace in the Middle East just ahead of Trump’s Monday evening meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
On Friday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “America’s Newsroom,” Israeli Ambassador to the United States Yechiel Leiter stated that countries that have supported Hamas have to be called out, specifically cited Qatar as an example, and stated that Qatar
Former Sen. Bob Menendez (D-NJ) has been sentenced to 11 years in prison for his proven corruption, after being found guilty of 16 federal charges in July 2024.
The state-controlled media in Qatar, a regime that has long been the patron of radical groups, smeared President Donald Trump as a “Nazi” and as a “vulgar” and “insufferable” person during his first term as president.
Leaders of the Hamas terrorist organization have reportedly accepted a draft agreement that would bring a ceasefire in Gaza if Hamas agrees to release its Israeli hostages.
Syrian insurgent leader Ahmed al-Sharaa, formerly known as Abu Mohammed al-Jolani when he was a high-ranking al-Qaeda member, on Sunday repeated his promise that the new Syria would be inclusive and respectful of minority groups.
The Foreign Ministry of Saudi Arabia on Monday accused Israel of “sabotaging chances for Syria to reclaim its security, stability and its territorial integrity” by controlling territory in the Golan Heights after the fall of dictator Bashar Assad.
President-elect Donald Trump told Qatar that he wants a deal to release all 100 remaining Israeli hostages by the time he is inaugurated on January 20, 2025, according to Qatari prime minister Mohammed bin Abdulrahman Al Thani.
Multiple reports this weekend indicated that the remaining senior terrorists of Hamas, spurned by Qatar, have relocated to Turkey.
“No place on earth” is safe for Hamas leaders — “not even their jacuzzi in Qatar,” according to an Israeli official, who said the collapse of Hamas’ leadership following Yahya Sinwar’s death has created a “real opportunity” to free hostages, as he slammed skeptics of Israel’s military strategy, saying they can now see how terrorist groups can be annihilated, much like the West defeated tyranny in World War II.
The United Nations Human Rights Council held its annual membership elections on Wednesday, resulting in the admission of several human rights violating regimes such as Qatar, Ethiopia, the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), and Bolivia.
Iranian President Masoud Pezeshkian claims he has reached a “good understanding” with Qatar for access to the $6 billion windfall of cash paid by President Joe Biden after a prisoner exchange deal with the United States in September 2023.
The Reuters news agency reported on Thursday that Gulf nations are concerned that any escalation between Iran and Israel will implicate them and threaten their oil facilities, leading to attempts to ingratiate themselves with Iran.
Iranian President Masoud Pezeshkian was welcomed in Doha, Qatar, on Wednesday for a meeting with Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Faisal bin Farhan, where they reportedly discussed the dangers of regional escalation.
Four years after landmark reports by the Trump Department of Education and the Clarion Project revealed billions of dollars in foreign money were flowing into American universities — much of it from hostile powers such as China — a new study from the National Association of Scholars (NAS) revealed that the “flow of foreign money from adversarial countries into our universities” has continued.
The United Nations invited the jihadist Taliban terrorist organization to a two-day conference on Afghanistan in Doha, Qatar, next weekend, its third such meeting since the Taliban seized power in 2021.
Lebanon Hezbollah MP Mohammad Raad is advocating for penetrating “the heart” of Western societies through “investing” in Western university students protesting against Israel in order to subvert American college campuses and increase support for the Palestinians.
A spokesman for Hamas said Wednesday that U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken was “part of the problem, not the solution” as the Biden administration official urged the Palestinian terrorist group to accept a ceasefire deal.
The home of a New Jersey Democrat, who has been accused of accepting bribes and using his power as an elected official to benefit the Egyptian government, was searched and discovered to be holding more than $600,000 in cash and gold bars.
International Christian Concern (ICC) President Jeff King warns pro-Hamas rallies are flourshing on campuses with the aid of Qatari funding.
Hunter Biden was not the only family member who leveraged ties to President Joe Biden to win business deals with business partners linked to foreign governments, a Politico report details.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
