Headline:
 Ralph Northam 

Article Text:
 Rep. Mike Lawler (R-NY) is taking heat after photos emerged Thursday of the congressman with, according to the New York Times, his face “visibly darkened” as part of a Michael Jackson Halloween costume in 2006.
Virginia Gov. Glenn Youngkin’s (R) Department of Education has replaced the Democrat-passed school transgender policy with one based on parents’ rights.
No one did more to ensure that the moral and legal atrocity called Roe v. Wade was overturned than Democrats. Let’s count the ways, shall we…
If the obscenity that is Roe v. Wade is overturned, you can blame Democrats for openly embracing infanticide.
A Virginia judge has allowed Gov. Glenn Youngkin’s (R) administration to join a lawsuit brought by parents against Loudoun County Public Schools (LCPS) challenging their student mask mandate in direct contravention of Executive Order (EO) 2, which made masks optional.
Seven of Virginia’s largest school districts filed a lawsuit against Gov. Glenn Youngkin (R) challenging his executive order that makes wearing masks optional in public schools.
Former Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam (D) on Sunday sounded off on Critical Race Theory, which was a hot-button topic in his state’s most recent gubernatorial election.
RICHMOND, Virginia — Republican Glenn Youngkin became the 74th Governor of the Commonwealth of Virginia Saturday at a noon ceremony on the steps of the Capitol building in Richmond.
RICHMOND, Virginia — Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam (D) is set to end his term on January 15 after a tumultuous four years as the protagonist of several scandals, most notability wearing blackface, only to make a political comeback based almost entirely on advancing diversity, inclusion, and equity initiatives.
Democrat Sen. Tim Kaine (VA) backtracked on his call for Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam (D) to resign over his blackface scandal, telling the Washington Post he is “glad he didn’t listen to me.”
Verified accounts on Twitter took to the platform to erroneously blame Virginia Gov.-elect Glenn Youngkin for the drivers stranded on I-95, even though Gov. Ralph Northam (D) has more than one week left in office.
Sen. Tim Kaine (D-VA) on Tuesday has been stranded on I-95 in Virginia for over 21 hours due to a treacherous snowstorm that wreaked havoc on the region.
The heavy snow that has buried Virginia has left hundreds of drivers stranded on Interstate 95 in the state, including former governor and Democrat Senator Tim Kaine.
Tuesday on Fox News Channel’s “The Story,” Daily Mail (U.K.) columnist Meghan McCain discussed the left’s reaction to Winsome Sears, a black Republican woman, elected Virginia’s lieutenant governor.
Former Virginia Gov. L. Douglas Wilder answers to no one. He has always been truly independent, which makes him a problem inside the Democratic Party.
The Republican National Committee (RNC) claimed Democrat governors in charge of Virginia and New Jersey have let the states suffer long enough, noting that the gubernatorial elections are so close that states “do not need another four years of Democrat leadership.”
Virginia gubernatorial candidate Terry McAuliffe dismissed Governor Ralph Northam’s racist blackface yearbook photos as “a dumb mistake 40 years ago,” after publicly condemning them as “racist, unacceptable, and inexcusable at any age.”
Virginia Democrats quietly amended a law last year, softening a policy that, even in its current state, should have required Loudoun County Public Schools to report the apparent sexual assault that has roiled the school board this week, as parents accused officials of covering up a teenage girl’s rape because it would undermine a pro-transgender bathroom policy.
While Virginia voters feel the impact of the Democrats’ economic agenda less than one month away from electing a new governor, gubernatorial candidate Terry McAuliffe taps Democrat big guns Barack Obama, Stacey Abrams, and Jill Biden to join him on the campaign trial.
Democrat Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam and other left-wing activists expanded their effort to erase history by replacing the contents of a time capsule that was inside the pedestal of the now-removed statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee since 1887, claiming the new contents represent “who we are.”
Former Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D), who is running for governor again, is refusing to answer questions about restrictive measures he would support for abortions in Virginia.
A 130-year-old statue of Civil War General Robert E. Lee that dominates a traffic circle in Richmond, Virginia, will fall Wednesday. The end of the largest extant Confederate monument in the United States draws to a close a series of protracted legal challenges that began more than a year ago when Gov. Ralph Northam ordered its removal.
President Joe Biden’s administration has flown roughly 14,000 Afghans into the Dulles International Airport in Dulles, Virginia over the last 12 days.
Former Virginia Democrat Gov. Douglas Wilder lit up former Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D), current candidate for governor, and current Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam (D) in a Facebook post Tuesday saying, “The People Deserve Answers” from them.
The murder rate in Virginia rose 43 percent during Terry McAuliffe’s governorship, Republican gubernatorial candidate Glenn Youngkin said.
Former Gov. Terry McAuliffe won the Virginia Democrat primary Tuesday and will now face off against Republican Glenn Youngkin in the race to replace Gov. Ralph Northam, who is term-limited and cannot seek reelection this year.
In the middle of a speech to military personnel Friday in Hampton, Virginia, President Joe Biden said, looking towards the family who was being honored, “I love those barrettes in your hair … She looks like she’s 19-years-old” … with her legs crossed.
President Joe Biden praised Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam (D) on Friday, despite condemning him as losing “all moral authority” two years ago and demanding his resignation.
A gas station in Richmond, Virginia, charged customers $6.99 a gallon Tuesday not long after the governor declared a state of emergency because of the Colonial Pipeline ransomware cyberattack that caused gasoline shortages.
Virginia Republican gubernatorial candidate Pete Snyder blames Democrat Gov. Ralph Northam for the state’s slow coronavirus vaccine rollout, he told host Alex Marlow Friday on SiriusXM’s Breitbart News Daily.
Former Virginia House Speaker Kirk Cox (R), who is running for governor, expressed the urgency of restoring statewide in-person learning for school-aged children during an interview Monday with host Alex Marlow on Breitbart News Daily.
Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam (D) has endorsed three statewide candidates for Virginia’s 2021 elections who called for his resignation after he became embroiled in a scandal in 2019 involving a racist yearbook photo.
Former Virginia House Speaker Kirk Cox, who is running for governor, warned against the public education system prioritizing equity in the classroom during an interview on SiriusXM’s Breitbart News Saturday with host Matthew Boyle.
Thursday on CNN’s “New Day,” Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam (D) sounded off on the fallout from his blackface scandal as New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D) has been facing calls for resignation over a plethora of sexual harassment allegations.
Former Virginia House Speaker Kirk Cox, who is running for governor, is denouncing both Gov. Ralph Northam and former Gov. Terry McAuliffe after Northam staffers and a McAuliffe appointee became entangled in the state’s ongoing parole board controversy.
Democrat Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam is slated to sign historic legislation Wednesday that would abolish the death penalty in the state.
A nominating convention in May will determine the Republican gubernatorial candidate who will seek to replace outgoing Gov. Ralph Northam (D), Virginia Republican Party leadership decided Friday after months of debate.
Virginia Republican gubernatorial candidate Pete Snyder discussed reopening schools and saving small businesses on SiriusXM’s Breitbart News Sunday.
Virginia gubernatorial candidate Sergio de la Pena told Breitbart News Daily that it is “absolutely ridiculous” that the state has not reopened its schools.
Two Republicans announced their campaigns for Virginia Governor, both political outsiders facing the ultimate insider, former Democrat Gov. Terry McAuliffe.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
