Headline:
 Ro Khanna 

Article Text:
 Democrat strategist James Carville and Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) criticized a leftist Squad member during a podcast Thursday.
Pro-migration, Indian-born Rep. Shri Thanedar (D-MI) has filed impeachment articles against President Donald Trump, accidentally showcasing the growing role of ethnic Indian politicians in Congress.
All day Friday, numerous Democrats railed at the FBI’s surprise arrest of an activist judge for allegedly helping an illegal migrant escape deportation, prompting White House Deputy Chief of Staff Stephen Miller to play political whac-a-mole in response.
Representative Ro Khanna (D-CA) said Sunday on CNN’s  “State of the Union” that the Democratic Party needed a “new generation of leadership.”
On Wednesday’s broadcast of “CNN NewsNight,” Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) stated that he’s not going to root for Tesla to fail, and one reason is because they sell “electric vehicles that, ultimately, are good for the climate.” And “is helping
On Wednesday’s broadcast of “CNN NewsNight,” Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) reacted to Senate Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-NY) criticizing those who don’t like the government taking their money through taxes by saying that Schumer “could stay off the cameras.
Reps. Ro Khanna (D-CA) and Laura Gillen (D-NY) appear to be among the very few in their party to criticize the behavior of Democrats during President Donald Trump’s Tuesday evening joint address before Congress, stating that they stood up for young cancer fighter DJ Daniel when others did not.
On Thursday’s broadcast of CNN’s “The Source,” Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) stated that if there is a vote on a continuing resolution with changes to reflect DOGE’s work, — like what House Speaker Rep. Mike Johnson (R-LA) suggested on Wednesday
Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) held a roundtable meeting on Tuesday with recently-laid off federal workers, calling the terminations an “intentional Valentine’s firing massacre” and pushing for their employment to be “reinstated” — though the workers who supported President Donald Trump did not say they regretted their votes.
During the “Overtime” segment of Friday’s edition of HBO’s “Real Time,” Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) stated that the Trump administration urging government employees to report any government DEI programs that still exist is “scary.” And “like the surveillance state” and
On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) argued that citing people engaging in birth tourism to exploit birthright citizenship rules is just picking out “some extreme example” that isn’t worth changing the Constitution over. Khanna said,
Far-left Democrat California Congressman Ro Khanna is abandoning Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass and is now encouraging Disney chief Bob Iger to replace Bass as mayor of L.A.
During a portion of an interview aired on Friday’s edition of “The Issue Is,” Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) called for Disney CEO Bob Iger to replace Karen Bass as Mayor of Los Angeles and stated that “we need a new
On Tuesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “The ReidOut,” Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) reacted to Meta shifting its misinformation policies by stating that “free speech doesn’t mean that you have sexual harassment and intimidation and hate speech on a platform” or that
On Thursday’s broadcast of NewsNation’s “Cuomo,” Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) criticized Republicans for expecting Democrats to vote for a government spending bill that lifted the debt ceiling and added to the deficit “without making any commitment of not doing the
On Tuesday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “America Reports,” Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) stated that incoming Department of Government Efficiency (DOGE) head Elon Musk “brilliantly disrupted Lockheed Martin and Boeing to help Americans launch rockets into space far cheaper
On Monday’s “CNN Newsroom,” Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) stated that he believes there can be bipartisan support in Congress if the Department of Government Efficiency (DOGE) says “there needs to be more open competition, not the monopolization in defense contractors,
On Friday’s broadcast of CNN’s “Situation Room,” Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) said that if Republicans control both chambers of Congress and the White House, the best way to try to restrain a Trump presidency is public opinion and noted that
During a town hall on NewsNation on Wednesday, Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA), who is also a Harris-Walz surrogate, responded to arguments that the unborn have rights by stating that “We had Roe v. Wade for many, many years. It was
On Wednesday’s broadcast of CNBC’s “Squawk Box,” Harris-Walz surrogate Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) stated that it makes sense for 2024 Democratic presidential candidate Vice President Kamala Harris to propose raising corporate income taxes to fund investment in subsidies for research
On Wednesday’s broadcast of CNBC’s “Squawk Box,” Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) stated that passing age verification legislation to protect children online is getting pushback from groups that he believes are funded by Meta that make inaccurate arguments that “if you’re
On Tuesday’s broadcast of “CNN NewsNight,” Harris-Walz Advisory Board member Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) stated that 2024 Democratic presidential candidate Vice President Kamala Harris “is different” from President Joe Biden because “she’s clearer, she’s visited a reproductive health clinic, she’s
Representative Ro Khanna (D-CA) said Wednesday on FNC’s “America Reports” that Democrats should “focus” their criticisms about former President Donald Trump on policy.
During an interview on Tuesday’s broadcast of NewsNation’s “Cuomo” that took place before that night’s presidential debate, Harris-Walz Surrogate Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) said that he thinks 2024 Democratic presidential candidate Vice President Kamala Harris should stick to “The position
Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) revealed that he is not a fan of his Democratic colleagues labeling Republicans as “weird,” adding that it does not advance “American Democracy.”
Representative Ro Khanna (D-CA) said Wednesday on CNBC’s “Squawk Box” that Vice President Kamala Harris’ economic policy proposal to tax unrealized capital gains is not good despite being a campaign surrogate.
On Monday’s broadcast of CNN’s “The Source,” Harris Campaign surrogate Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) said that 2024 Democratic presidential candidate Vice President Kamala Harris needs to do press conferences and interviews on the economy and he hopes “this week or
Democrats joined Republicans on Monday in calling for Secret Service Director Kimberly Cheatle to resign after she admitted to Congress the agency didn’t protect former President Donald Trump at a recent campaign rally, but failed to answer key questions about how it happened.
Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) called on Secret Service Director Kimberly Cheatle to resign during a congressional hearing Monday, joining numerous Republicans who have done so.
Representative Ro Khanna (D-CA) said Sunday on ABC’s “This Week” that if President Joe Biden decided to leave the race, it was “unrealistic” to think anyone but Vice President Kamala Harris would be the nominee.
During an interview with the “Pod Save America” podcast released on Tuesday, Biden Campaign Surrogate Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) said that President Joe Biden should acknowledge “I am not as articulate as I used to be, I have diminished in
During an interview with the “Pod Save America” podcast released on Tuesday, Biden Campaign Surrogate Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) said that if Democratic primary voters had seen the President Joe Biden that they saw at the debate in June, he
On Friday’s broadcast of NewsNation’s “Cuomo,” Biden Surrogate Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) stated that President Joe Biden clearly didn’t have a good performance in Thursday night’s debate and he doesn’t know what President Joe Biden’s “advisers were thinking, having a
House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries and former Speaker Nancy Pelosi distanced themselves from President Joe Biden Friday after a disastrous debate performance.
On Monday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “America Reports,” Biden Campaign Surrogate Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) responded to a question on whether the lower middle class is better off under President Joe Biden by stating that “Well, they certainly
On Monday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “America Reports,” Biden Campaign Surrogate Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) argued that nobody, of any political party would claim that the border is secure. Khanna said, “I don’t think anyone, Republican, Democrat, Independent,
On Tuesday’s broadcast of “CNN News Central,” Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) responded to criticisms that President Joe Biden’s new protections for some people in the U.S. illegally will incentivize people to come to the U.S. illegally by stating that “everyone
On Monday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) stated that he’s “very concerned” about the rise of misinformation on social media as we approach the election and stated that “Congress still hasn’t done anything. That is a
On Wednesday’s broadcast of “CNN News Central,” Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) argued that there’s never a wrong time to recognize a Palestinian state but Hamas shouldn’t be involved in it and while the ICC shouldn’t arrest Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
During an interview with CBS on Wednesday, Biden campaign surrogate Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) stated that President Joe Biden agreeing to debate 2024 Republican presidential candidate former President Donald Trump is a good thing for the country and Biden “needs




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
