Headline:
 Sean 'Diddy’ Combs 

Article Text:
 Casandra Ventura says she was coerced into sex with male escorts while Sean Combs watched and masturbated.
NEW YORK — The R&B singer Cassie could testify as soon as Tuesday in Sean “Diddy” Combs sex trafficking trial, as the Bad Boy Records founder faces charges that he orchestrated a deviant empire of exploitation that forced women into drugged-up sex parties called “freak-offs.”
Opening statements are expected Monday in the federal sex trafficking trial of Sean “Diddy” Combs, the music mogul accused of committing years of chilling abuse.
Comedian Lewis Black, star of Disney’s animated hit movie “Inside Out,” filled in as guest host of “The Daily Show” on Thursday and excoriated the Catholic Church with jokes about Cardinals sexually abusing children as they met to choose the new pope.
For more than two decades, Sean “Diddy” Combs was one of hip-hop’s most opportunistic entrepreneurs, spinning his hitmaking talents into a broad business empire that included a record label, a fashion brand, a TV network, deals with liquor companies and a key role in a reality TV show.
Hip-hop impresario Sean “Diddy” Combs once presided like a prince over his White Parties in the Hamptons, attracting A-list celebrities, gossip columnists and photographers. But at a trial starting Monday, prosecutors will cast the entertainer as a criminal sexual deviant who exploited his fame to abuse women at gatherings held far out of public view.
Accused sex-trafficker Sean “Diddy” Combs rejected a plea offer from federal prosecutors on Thursday and ahead of jury selection that starts Monday in New York City.
The sex trafficking trial of Sean “Diddy” Combs will proceed as scheduled in early May despite his lawyer’s claims that they need an extra two months to prepare, a judge said Friday.
NEW YORK  — Lawyers for Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs are urging a judge to let prospective jurors at the hip-hop mogul’s upcoming sex trafficking trial be questioned about their views regarding sex, drugs and violence.
One of the attorneys for Sean “Diddy” Combs in his sex trafficking case wants to quit the hip-hop mogul’s defense team.
Rap mogul Sean “Diddy” Combs — who is in jail awaiting trial on sex-trafficking and racketeering charges — has filed a $100 million lawsuit against NBCUniversal and its streaming service Peacock, claiming the network defamed him with its recent documentary “Diddy: The Making of a Bad Boy.”
LOS ANGELES — Lawyers for Sean “Diddy” Combs filed a defamation lawsuit Wednesday against a man they said had falsely claimed to possess videos implicating the music mogul in sexual assaults on eight celebrities.
NEW YORK  — An Alabama woman who says she was raped by Jay-Z and Sean “Diddy” Combs when she was 13 can proceed anonymously, for now, in her lawsuit against the rap moguls, a judge ruled Thursday.
The feud between attorney Tony Buzzbee and rapper Jay-Z is heating up with Buzbee filing a lawsuit against the rapper and his Roc Nation entertainment company, accusing the rapper of reaching out to Buzbee’s clients and trying to get them to file “frivolous” lawsuits against Buzbee’s firm.
A lawyer for three men accusing Sean “Diddy” Combs of drugging and raping them insists that he sees parallels to sex abuser Harvey Weinstein.
Actor Daniel Baldwin claims that representatives for several Hollywood celebrities are engaged in a “bidding war” for Diddy party tapes.
A lawyer for an accuser of rap mogul Jay-Z is promising that evidence is coming to prove allegations of sexual assault in the charges connected to assault allegations against fellow rapper Sean “Diddy” Combs.
A woman who accused rappers Jay-Z and Sean “Diddy” Combs of sexually assaulting her when she was 13 at an awards show after-party has acknowledged certain inconsistencies in her story, while her lawyer said he will continue to vet her claims.
Rapper Sean “Diddy” Combs is facing disturbing new accusations that he drugged and raped three men at two New York hotels and at his home in the Hamptons, with the alleged incidents taking place in 2019 and 2020.
A new lawsuit has claimed that rapper Jay-Z participated in the rape of a 13-year-old girl alongside music mogul Sean “Diddy” Combs. Jay-Z has denied the allegations as a “blackmail attempt.”
An accuser against disgraced music and fashion mogul Sean “Diddy” Combs, who has up to now been anonymous, has been revealed as the ex-wife of an NHL hockey star, as the accusations, court cases, and charges continue to grow.
A fan taunted NBA star LeBron James during Sunday’s Rams-Eagles game about his attendance at parties hosted by Sean “Diddy” Combs.
A group of paid escorts is reportedly lining up to testify on Sean “Diddy” Combs’ behalf in his federal trial on sex trafficking charges
Frightened celebrities are paying Sean “Diddy” Combs’ alleged victims to stay quiet, according to R&B singer Ray J, who suggested high-profile stars fear that their names will get leaked to the public.
Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs has tried to reach out to prospective witnesses and influence public opinion from jail in a bid to affect potential jurors for his upcoming sex trafficking trial, prosecutors claimed in a court filing urging a judge to reject his latest bail request.
Grand Jury Witness Courtney Burgess said Thursday on NewsNation’s “Banfield” that he testified in the Sean “Diddy” Combs’ case that he saw eight sex tapes that included two male minors.
Sean “Diddy” Combs is reportedly facing a new lawsuit alleging he drugged and raped a ten-year-old boy who had come to Combs seeking help to launch a career in entertainment. The disturbing allegation represents the latest in a growing list of sexual assault accusations against the disgraced Combs, who is currently in prison awaiting trial.
NEW YORK — Investigators from various federal agencies launched an “interagency operation” on Monday at the troubled lockup in New York City where Sean “Diddy” Combs is being held.
Sean “Diddy” Combs was allegedly obsessed with Prince William and Prince Harry, and had a deep fascination with the British royal family, because he “thought of himself as a king,” according to the disgraced music mogul’s former publicist.
Disgraced music mogul Sean “Diddy” Combs has been accused in a new lawsuit of raping a 13-year-old girl at an MTV VMAs after party in 2000 while unnamed “male and female” celebrities were present.
A lawsuit accuses Macy’s of “destroying” records about a man being “orally raped” by disgraced music mogul Sean “Diddy” Combs in May 2008.
Ashley Parham is alleging in a lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court in Northern California that Sean “Diddy” Combs violently raped her with a remote control and told her that her life was in his hands, after she questioned whether the music mogul was involved in Tupac Shakur’s murder, according to the complaint obtained by People.
Six lawsuits were filed against Sean “Diddy” Combs on Monday, including one from a man accusing the disgraced music mogul of groping his penis to “inspect” it while at a party in 1998, when the alleged victim was 16 years old.
Rap and fashion mogul Sean “Diddy” Combs was slapped with a new civil lawsuit Monday alleging sexual assault and rape going back 20 years.
Sean “Diddy” Combs is reportedly complaining about the prison food he is receiving as he awaits his upcoming trial, his lawyers say.
Sean “Diddy” Combs was denied bail for the third time on Thursday as a New York judge ruled the disgraced music mogul must remain behind bars at the Metropolitan Detention Center while he awaits his upcoming sex trafficking trial, which has been set for May.
A sexual abuse hotline for Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs accusers has reportedly received 12,000 calls in a 24-hour time span, Buzbee Law Firm’s lead counsel Tony Buzbee, who is already representing 120 accusers with allegations against Combs, his associates, and other entities.
An alleged sex tape featuring disgraced music mogul Sean “Diddy” Combs with a “younger male” who is now an “A-list celebrity” is being shopped around to media outlets while the “horrified” A-list star braces himself for the video footage to be published, according to the New York Post.
Former New York City Police detective Derrick Parker is warning Hollywood that they just might be in Sean “Diddy” Combs’ cross hairs.
Janice Small Combs, the mother music mogul Sean “Diddy” Combs, has come out to publicly defend her son amid serious allegations of sexual abuse and sex trafficking.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
