Headline:
 VIDEO: Buccaneers’ Vita Vea Does Sniper Crawl After Sacking Kirk Cousins 

Article Text:
 Tampa Bay Buccaneers’ defensive tackle Vita Vea sacked Atlanta Falcons’ quarterback Kirk Cousins on Thursday night, then did what appeared to a be a sniper crawl before allegedly acting like he was shooting a gun.
Video of Vea was posted by Prime:
FOX News reported that the “incident took place in the fourth quarter on 3rd and 5 with the Falcons in the red zone.” Vea sacked Cousins for nearly a 10-yard loss then did his crawl.
Vea was not penalized, but New York Jets wide receiver Allen Lazard was given a 15-yard penalty for allegedly making a finger gun gesture on Sunday.
Breitbart News noted that Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce criticized the penalty against Lazard, noting that he may have simply been pointing downfield to indicate a first down.
The Daily Mail quoted Kelce describing it as “absolutely ridiculous” when a guy gets a penalty for being “on the ground…pointing fingers for getting a first down saying, ‘We’re going that way,’ or whatever he might be doing.”
Kelce quipped that he hoped the league would get on him for expressing his opinion, then added, “It’s my Second Amendment, I have the right to bear arms.”
AWR Hawkins is an award-winning Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and the writer/curator of Down Range with AWR Hawkins, a weekly newsletter focused on all things Second Amendment, also for Breitbart News. He is the political analyst for Armed American Radio, a member of Gun Owners of America, a Pulsar Night Vision pro-staffer, and the director of global marketing for Lone Star Hunts. He was a Visiting Fellow at the Russell Kirk Center for Cultural Renewal in 2010 and has a Ph.D. in Military History. Follow him on Instagram: @awr_hawkins. You can sign up to get Down Range at breitbart.com/downrange. Reach him directly: awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
