Headline:
 Walt Disney Company 

Article Text:
 Although many corporations have purportedly scrapped their diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) policies, experts say that some have merely rebranded them under a new name.
For Breitbart Fight Club Members only, every week we reveal our top five articles based on reader engagement. These are the stories that our readers were talking about for the past week.
The Federal Communications Commission Enforcement Bureau has launched an investigation into hiring practices at Disney and ABC to ensure neither is violating equal employment opportunity regulations through “DEI discrimination.”
For Breitbart Fight Club Members only, every week we reveal our top five articles based on reader engagement. These are the stories that our readers were talking about for the past week.
With its dreadful $43 million opening, Snow White now holds the record for the lowest debut weekend of any of Disney’s live-action remakes.
More layoffs have hit the Disney Grooming Syndicate, a wipe out of about 200 jobs, which represents six percent of the staff in two major divisions.
A Disney employee says his life began spiraling out of control after he downloaded an AI tool that resulted in a cyberattack that granted a hacker access to all of his personal information. Not stopping there, the hacker gained access to Disney’s internal operations including private customer and employee information.
We’re being told that Kathleen Kennedy, the identity politics-obsessive who single-handedly destroyed two of the most popular film franchises in movie history, will retire at age … 71?
The latest sneak peek for the Walt Disney Company’s live-action remake of “Snow White,” starring Rachel Zegler, is getting hammered online, with the video receiving 84,000 “dislikes” on YouTube in just two days.
Executives at the Walt Disney Company are reportedly worried that soaring prices are alienating families from its theme parks, with internal surveys showing  a decline in guests who are planning return visits to Walt Disney World and Disneyland.
A music video spoof of the upcoming Disney live-action remake of “Snow White” is proving to be a viral sensation, garnering nearly 1.2 million views in just three day — more than three times the number of views an actual Disney sneak peek video has received in three months.
Disney signaled support for DEI after President Trump moved to ban it from federal agencies via executive order.
The Walt Disney Company has been sued by an animator who claims the studio’s hit “Moana” and “Moana 2” animated movies ripped off his original screenplay. He is seeking $10 billion — yes, “billion” with a “b” — in damages.
The days when the Walt Disney Company churned out instant classics beloved by successive generations appear to be squarely behind it.
A first of its kind, behind the scenes documentary on the work that goes into being the first lady has landed a $40 million distribution deal. Melania Trump’s concept, which centers around her life and work as she reenters the White House, kicked off a bidding war between major Hollywood studios and resulted in a blockbuster deal with Amazon.
President-elect Donald Trump threw shade at the Walt Disney Company during a recent event at Mar-a-Lago with former Marvel Entertainment boss and billionaire Ike Perlmutter in attendance. “The guy went from stone-cold broke to owning Disney,” Trump told the crowd,
The Walt Disney Company saw its fair share of disasters in 2024, even as Hollywood’s biggest studio continued to wield enormous power across media and politics.
President-elect Donald Trump’s pick to chair the Federal Communications Commission has called out the Walt Disney  Company CEO Bob Iger over the way he has run ABC News, saying “Americans no longer trust the national news media to report fully, accurately, and fairly.”
A high-ranking executive for the Walt Disney Company has offered an explanation why the woke Disney+ “Star Wars” spin-off series “The Acolyte” was cancelled after just one season, saying the show didn’t perform well enough to justify its cost — which one estimate put close to a quarter of a billion dollars.
Backlash is growing against the Walt Disney Company following its decision to remove a transgender storyline from its upcoming Pixar children’s series “Win or Lose,” with a new petition protesting the cuts reaching thousands of signatures.
The Walt Disney Company has come under intense media scrutiny following the studio’s decision to settle President-elect Donald Trump’s defamation lawsuit against ABC News for more than $15 million.
A transgender teen actor who has a voice role in the upcoming Pixar series “Win or Lose” has expressed disappointment that Disney cut the trans story arc from the show, saying “I was very disheartened” to learn of the changes.
The Walt Disney Company has reportedly removed a transgender storyline from its upcoming Pixar series “Win or Lose” — an animated kids show that follows the adventures of a co-ed middle school softball team.
Gee, for some reason a “Snow White” remake that wants to gaslight us into believing Rachel “The Unibrow” Zegler is more attractive than Gal Gadot is finding itself downvoted by more than ten-to-one.
The Disney+ streaming service is reportedly facing an exodus of advertisers from its ad-supported tier after subscriptions failed to meet expectations and several high-profile “Star Wars” and other Lucasfilm series flopped with viewers.
A former Disney Imagineer has a one-word review of the first trailer for the live-action remake of “Snow White” — “unwatchable.”
With her new Disney movie set to open in a few months, Snow White star Rachel Zegler has issued an apology for her recent comments about the presidential election in which she wished harm on President-elect Donald Trump and his 76 million voters, saying she hopes they will “never know peace.”
Actor Josh Gad, who is set to reprise his role as Olaf in Disney’s upcoming Frozen 3, has smeared the incoming Trump administration as Nazis — naturally using a musical theater analogy involving “Springtime for Hitler” from The Producers.
Rachel Zegler, the star of Disney’s upcoming live-action “Snow White” remake, has a message for the 75.6 million Americans who voted for President-elect Donald Trump this year: may you “never know peace.”
When actress Rachel Zegler gives an interview, Disney executives get nervous. The “Snow White” star has caused no small amount of PR damage from speaking off the cuff, and her latest interview with Variety features its fair share of zingers.
The Walt Disney Company isn’t out of the woods yet in its effort to reverse its financial troubles, with a prominent firm downgrading the company’s stock this week citing continued troubles at Disney theme parks, once the company’s most reliable revenue-generating division.
The bloodbath keeps getting worse at the Walt Disney Company, with a new round of layoffs expected to impact hundreds of corporate employees this week.
A top Walt Disney Company executive is refusing to answer if her close friendship with Kamala Harris affected last week’s ABC News presidential debate during which moderators David Muir and Linsey Davis showed clear and frequent bias in favor of Harris.
The Walt Disney Company reportedly made a conscious effort to make Pixar’s “Inside Out 2” “less gay” following the box-office failure of “Lightyear,” with studio executives blaming the latter movie’s much-discussed same-sex kiss for turning away audiences.
The new Disney+ series “Agatha All Along” is pushing the Disney-Marvel brand further into LGBTQ territory, with two of its stars heralding the show for reaching a new stage in the studio’s commitment to “queer” representation.
The ongoing fight between the Walt Disney Company and DirecTV means potentially millions of households won’t be able to watch next week’s presidential debate on ABC, as the Disney-owned network is currently blacked out to DirecTV subscribers.
Venu is nothing less than a monopoly, a wolf in sheep’s clothing to force streaming outlets to recreate the horrors of the CSTV bundle, which means you and I pay for dozens of networks we never watch.
Through obnoxious politicking, ham-fisted lectures, smug girlbosses, child-grooming, and a demonic desire to tear down everything that made Star Wars and Marvel cultural phenomenons, Disney has destroyed what were once golden goose franchises that could do no wrong.
A high-ranking Disney executive who oversees ABC News has donated to Kamala Harris’ political career numerous times and reportedly remains close friends with the Democratic candidate, raising serious questions about a conflict of interest and the possibility that the network’s September 10 debate will be rigged against former President Donald Trump.
Actress Rachel Zegler appears determined to continue being a PR nightmare for The Walt Disney Company and its CEO Bob Iger.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
