Headline:
 Mara Gay 

Article Text:
 New York Times writer Mara Gay said Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” that violating due process for anyone, even if they are not citizens, “threatens all of us.”
New York Times writer Mara Gay said Friday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” that podcaster Joe Rogan was converting angry men to fascism.
New York Times writer Mara Gay said Thursday on MSNBC’s “Deadline” that former Rep. Liz Cheney (R-WY) was a “truth teller” who makes normalizing former President Donald Trump’s policies harder.
New York Times writer Mara Gay said Thursday on MSNBC’s “Deadline” that the presidential campaign of Vice President Kamala Harris has become a “pro-democracy movement that seems to have spread like wildfire.” Gay said, “We’re going to see, I believe,
New York Times writer Mara Gay said Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” that she believed Harvard University ex-president Claudine Gay resigned over the right’s racist attacks on “academic freedom,” not the several instances of plagiarism discovered.
MSNBC contributor Donny Deutsch said Thursday on “Morning Joe” that 2024 hopeful Gov. Ron DeSantis (R-FL) was the “prince of darkness” while discussing the governor’s wrapping Pride Month campaign video.
New York Times editorial board member Mara Gay said Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Deadline” that Donald Trump’s former attorney Rudy Giuliani is “closer to a fascist than America’s mayor.”
Joy Behar told her co-host Wednesday on ABC’s “The View” that it “is the irony of life” that supporter of former President Donald Trump who she called “these insurrectionists” decide “if they wave a flag and curse at Joe Biden that that makes them more American than me.”
ABC News legal analyst and co-host of “The View” Sunny Hostin agreed with New York Times columnist Mara Gay that the combination of Trump flags and American flags was a threatening “message of white supremacy.”
The New York Times has released a statement defending its columnist Mara Gay after she stated Tuesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” that she was “disturbed” by trucks donning American flags or pro-Trump messages and insisted we must “separate Americanness, America, from whiteness.”
New York Times columnist Mara Gay said Tuesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” that she noticed trucks with American flags and was “disturbed” by what she saw.
New York Times columnist Mary Gay said Tuesday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” that white Americans are particularly “good at forgetting history.”
At least eight New York Times journalists shared a deceptively edited quote Monday from President Donald Trump’s recent call with state governors, creating the false impression that the president is denying federal support for ventilators that are needed in hospitals treating coronavirus patients.
What happened on MSNBC Thursday night was an insightful illustration of how unthinking and dogmatic the media are, the tunnel vision of demagogues.
New York Times journalist and editorial board member Mara Gay took aim at Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) Friday after the Texas senator set the record straight on Colin Kaepernick’s failed attempt at turning a Frederick Douglass quote into a slam on America on Independence Day.
Wednesday on MSNBC’s “Deadline,” New York Times editorial board member Mara Gay said she was “not willing to let white voters off the hook” for their support of President Donald Trump. Gay said, “I’m not willing—I can’t disagree with that,
Mara Gay, a member of the far-left New York Times editorial board, believes Gov. Andrew Cuomo (D-NY) was being honest when he said America “was never that great.” She also agrees with the sentiment.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
