Headline:
 ‘Gutfeld!’ Regular Starts Interview By Apologizing To Trump: ‘I Never Understood Why You Fight’ 

Article Text:
 "I was sitting there and I was like 'I have been so wrong about this man.'"
“Gutfeld!” regular Tyrus — born George Murdoch — sat down with former President Donald Trump and took a moment as the interview began to apologize for not understanding before what made him tick.
The former pro-wrestler — who once held the title of National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) World Heavyweight Champion — told Trump that it wasn’t until the two appeared together on “Gutfeld!” that it truly clicked.
WATCH:
.@PlanetTyrus talks about how President Trump talked to his 10-year-old daughter for 20 minutes after they taped an episode of Gutfeld:
"You could have been her grandfather. You were talking about her horses and dreams. I was sitting there and I was like 'I have been so wrong… pic.twitter.com/HHsmrb2FMi
— Trump War Room (@TrumpWarRoom) October 18, 2024
“I actually owe you an apology before we start,” Tyrus began as he sat down across from the former president for his Maintaining with Tyrus podcast. “I’ve been very critical about you, how you fight.”
“All through the campaigns — I voted for you because I like policy,” he said. “I didn’t know you as a man. And I think when you don’t understand what a man fights for, you can get lost — especially with all the noise we’re seeing from fake news, etc., that created these pictures of you.”
Tyrus then painted a picture of the moments after “Gutfeld!” had wrapped the night they both appeared on the show together.
“So, ‘Gutfeld!’ show is over. Cameras are off. We go backstage, and I expected you to be like every politician or any celebrity I’ve body-guarded for,” he continued. “And you met my family. And you talked to my daughter. My daughter is 10 years old, her name is Georgie. You guys talked for 20 minutes.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
But it wasn’t just the fact that Trump took the time to talk to his daughter, Tyrus said, noting that just how attentive he had been was something else entirely.
“If nobody knew, you could have been her grandfather,” Tyrus exclaimed, adding, “You were talking about her horses and dreams. And I was sitting there and I was like ‘I have been so wrong about this man’ because I never understood why you fight the way you fight. You’re a family man.”
“I am,” Trump agreed.
“You’re a father,” Tyrus said.
“And your daughter is a gorgeous — and your wife, the whole thing, you have got some set-up, I’ll tell you,” Trump said, prompting a laugh from Tyrus. “But your family’s great and you’re great, and you’ve really done something. You’ve captured a certain spirit. You know, a friend of mine who’s very smart — he’s also a very big guy — he said because I’m big and strong, people think I’m not the smartest guy.”
That got an eye-roll from Tyrus, who added, “Oh, I know.”
“You are a really smart guy,” Trump said of Tyrus. “And I see it and I’ve watched it and I like the show, and we have the privilege of having the highest rating in the history of the show when I did it a couple of weeks ago, that was —”
“Of all time,” Tyrus corrected. “We beat network television.”
“You beat everybody,” Trump replied.
“And they were up 35 million homes,” Tyrus added. “It was a landslide.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
