Headline:
 Venue Cancellation, Followers Lost: ‘Flagrant’ Hosts Discuss Fallout After Trump Interview 

Article Text:
 "Also what's interesting about it, is that again, they canceled it 3 hours after the interview came out," Schulz said.
The hosts of the “Flagrant” podcast on Wednesday discussed the reactions they’ve gotten, as well as the fallout they’ve each experienced, after sitting down with former President Donald Trump on a recent episode.
Comedian Andrew Schulz opened the show stating that Trump is “winning by a landslide” given the response he’s received from people on the street.
“It’s not close anymore … before he came on, I was like, ‘He don’t got a chance,’” Schulz said. “I was like, ‘He’s coming on here, he got to be down bad. He got to be down.’ I mean, no, we’re the best. And then after the interview, obviously we saw the reaction.”
“You know what it was? It was the looks on the street, the looks on the street I was getting — it was like, you know … a nod, like a person you don’t know,” he added, noting that the nods he’s been getting appear to be those of approval from people he believes are Trump supporters.
“What a different racial reality we live in,” co-host Akaash Singh replied, noting that he lost 10,000 followers on Instagram after he posted a picture of himself posing with Donald Trump ahead of the release of the podcast.

Later, Schulz talked about the fallout, saying that a venue for his next set of comedy shows canceled mere hours after the Trump interview.
“It was an awesome interview and everybody loved it. Then a day later, Dov [the producer] was like, ‘Oh, by the way, the venue you’re going to shoot your special in canceled your shows,”’ Schulz said, adding that the venue had been locked in for months.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
“It’s ready to go. We’re going on sale this week, like we have the entire production team come out for,” he added. “This is for the third time many of us are, you know, spotting the venue and looking … we have the set design already curated … we’re going on sale this week.”
The podcast host admitted the Brooklyn Academy of Music never specified in its email that the cancellation was because of Trump, but he pointed out the timing, noting that three and a half hours after the interview, they were notified that Schulz wasn’t “the right fit for this show at this time.”
At one point, the hosts got candid about how comfortable Trump appeared to be with them, pointing to the moment that the former president noted he doesn’t like when people say things that about him that aren’t true.
“I think I asked him, I was like, how does it feel when these people say things about you that you don’t believe are true?” Schulz said. “And he goes, ‘Yeah, I don’t like it or it hurts … yeah, he goes, ‘It bothers me.'”
“Have you ever heard Trump admit that anything bothered him?” he added.
The hosts also revealed that they reached out to Vice President Kamala Harris’ team who he said was not “really enthusiastic.”
Related: ‘The Interview Was Fire’: Podcast Host Talks To Charlamagne Tha God About His Sit Down With Trump
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
