Headline:
 Did The Government Shield Diddy Like Epstein? 

Article Text:
 These alleged offenses have been occurring for a very long time, and often involved something that Combs called "freak-offs."
Some of the most revealing moments from the sordid saga of Jeffrey Epstein came when government officials were asked direct questions, then ducked them without any real explanation. Case in point: Five years ago, the Labor Secretary at the time, Alex Acosta, was speaking to reporters about his handling of the first Epstein criminal case from 2008, when Acosta was a U.S. Attorney in Florida. This was the press conference right before Acosta’s resignation as Labor Secretary. For roughly an hour, Acosta tried to explain why his office had offered an extremely lenient plea deal to Epstein — one that offered immunity to his co-conspirators, and barely required Epstein to spend any time in a jail cell. Acosta was generally responsive to most questions during this press conference. In fact, at one point, he waved off his assistant who wanted to end the press conference early.
But there was one question that Alex Acosta very clearly did not want to answer. It concerned reporting in the Daily Beast that, in a discussion with Trump administration officials before his appointment as Labor Secretary, Alex Acosta had said that Epstein, “belonged to intelligence.” In other words, Acosta had reportedly suggested to the Trump team that, when he was the U.S. Attorney, he was told by senior U.S. government officials to go easy on Epstein so that he could stay out of jail. Presumably, the idea was that Epstein could then continue connecting various powerful figures to his sex-trafficking ring. That would, in turn, benefit U.S. intelligence agencies in some way. Maybe they might want to blackmail Epstein’s associates or collect information about them, for example.
Here’s how Alex Acosta answered — or rather, didn’t answer — a reporter’s question about the Daily Beast’s reporting:

That wasn’t exactly a denial. Instead of saying, “No, I wasn’t told to go easy on Jeffrey Epstein because he ‘belonged to intelligence,'” Alex Acosta said that department policy prevented him from offering any kind of response. It’s not hard to conclude that Acosta was hiding something. That’s especially true since, according to public documents in Epstein’s plea deal, it’s stated that Epstein had agreed to provide, “information to the FBI.”
The government’s handling of Epstein’s case raised the obvious question of how many other deviants like Epstein might enjoy protection from the government, in one way or the other. How many other sex traffickers have been operating with impunity because the government is deliberately looking the other way?
That’s a particularly important question to be asking after what happened yesterday involving Sean Combs — a.k.a. Diddy, a.k.a. Puff Daddy, a.k.a. P. Diddy. The U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of New York held a press conference announcing a series of criminal charges against Combs, including racketeering and sex trafficking. And by the U.S. Attorney’s own admission, these alleged offenses have been occurring for a very long time, and often involved something that Combs called “freak-offs.” Watch:

According to the U.S. Attorney, there’s overwhelming evidence that these illegal “freak-offs” occurred, such as text messages, videos, and more than a thousand bottles of baby oil and lubricant. As soon as the feds executed the search warrants earlier this year on two of Combs’ mansions, the evidence was all there. And according to the indictment that was unsealed yesterday, there’s also a lot of evidence that Sean Combs has been committing serious crimes for the past decade, right out in the open: “Physical abuse by Sean Combs …. was recurrent and widely known. On numerous occasions from at least in or about 2009 and continuing for years, Combs assaulted women by, among other things, striking, punching, dragging, throwing objects at, and kicking them.” That’s directly from the Grand Jury indictment.
What’s not stated in the Grand Jury indictment is why this “widely known” conduct was ignored for so long. Why wasn’t Sean Combs charged criminally for any of this conduct at any point until yesterday? Why was he allowed to allegedly commit crimes that were, “recurrent and widely known” ever since 2009? As it happens, that was the very first question that the U.S. Attorney received at yesterday’s press conference. Here’s how the U.S. Attorney responded:

Like Alex Acosta, he has no answer whatsoever. But this is the single most important question he was asked during the entire press conference. How exactly can people have any confidence in the government, or federal prosecutors, if — by their own admission — it takes them well over a decade to bring charges when someone is allegedly committing crimes that are “recurrent and widely known”? Why exactly shouldn’t we believe that P. Diddy was being protected for some reason, just like Jeffrey Epstein was apparently protected?
At this point, the burden of proof is not on us to answer that question. The burden is on the government.
It certainly looks as though there was ample reason to at least investigate Combs, going back a long time. There’s so much creepy and inappropriate footage involving Sean Combs that we could spend all day going through it. Here for example is a video of Combs with Justin Bieber, who at the time was just 15 years old. Watch:
Given “custody” of him. Signed to usher.
This interaction is not normal and I want to know what, if anything, happened to Justin Bieber.
Glad Diddy was denied bail.
pic.twitter.com/ixEfCIoMAE
— Jordan Karr (@JordanLkarr) September 17, 2024

What kind of adult records a video like this with a child? He’s saying he’s going to do some undisclosed things with Justin Bieber. He’s talking about having custody of him, like he had custody of Usher. This would be disturbing even if there were no other videos like it. But there’s a lot of videos like it. Here’s another. Watch as Sean Combs tells Kevin Hart that he used to “wrestle” with Usher when Usher was just 10 years old. And then he says something else that sounds inappropriate, and Kevin Hart reacts as you’d expect. Watch:
Sean "P Diddy" Combs telling Kevin Hart that him and R&B singer Usher used to wake up and "wrestle" in the morning when Usher was only 10 years old pic.twitter.com/FMG7Sdxq2D
— Vision4theBlind (@Vision4theBlind) February 28, 2024


These kinds of videos have been all over the Internet for years. Did anyone in the government follow up on any of this? Did they ask anyone any questions about them? Did they apply for any kind of search warrant to look closer at Sean Combs’ text messages, or to look for incriminating evidence on his properties? If not, why not? And for that matter, why wasn’t Combs charged after this video surfaced from a hotel in 2016, which appears to show him violently beating a woman on camera? Watch:
NEW: Sean “Diddy” Combs won’t be charged for the 2016 Century City hotel beating of his former girlfriend that became public on Friday
The DA’s Office said it found the video “disturbing,” but charges couldn’t be filed due to the amount of time that has passed
“We are aware of… pic.twitter.com/pvBBpIrnLF
— Unlimited L's (@unlimited_ls) May 18, 2024


How exactly did that footage stay hidden for so long — long enough that the statute of limitations ran out, and local prosecutors couldn’t bring charges anymore? That’s the kind of question that a lot of people in the entertainment industry have been asking for a very long time. When there are multiple videos where you appear to be committing a crime, or engaging in very bizarre and disturbing conduct, then under normal circumstances you’d expect some follow-up. But there wasn’t any follow-up here. For his part, Kanye West repeatedly called Sean Combs a “fed” — both in interviews, and in text messages — probably because there didn’t appear to be any other rational explanation for how he could get away with this for more than a decade. How can anyone engage in conduct like this, without suffering any consequences for it, for so long?
One theory is that, like Epstein, Sean Combs was very well-connected with powerful people in Washington. In April of 2020, for example, Kamala Harris tweeted out this message:
“Thank you, @Diddy, for hosting this town hall last night. There’s a lot at stake for our communities right now and it’s critical we bring to the forefront how coronavirus is perpetuating racial inequality and health disparities.”
So Sean Combs was helping to push Democrats’ messaging that COVID was racist. This was during the summer of 2020, when calling everything racist was the Democrats’ official campaign strategy. Meanwhile, other prominent “entertainers” — people like Jimmy Kimmel — suggested that Sean Combs could serve as president of the United States. After all, he’s not morally bankrupt like Donald Trump, right? Watch:
Hi @jimmykimmel, will you still be running for office as P Diddy’s Vice President?
pic.twitter.com/DyxF4SHjnh
— Cernovich (@Cernovich) September 17, 2024


One of the main takeaways from this is that the entertainment industry is full of extravagantly degenerate scumbags. These are people engaging in debauchery and opulence once reserved for the most corrupt Roman emperors. Diddy produced some low IQ gangsta rap in the 90s and found himself in the same position. This is why so much of what the entertainment industry produces is garbage. It’s made by morally reprobate parasites. These aren’t flawed artistic geniuses like we’ve had in the past, but vacuous airheads who’ve figured out how to sell trash to an audience even more vapid than they are.
Jimmy Kimmel probably knew Sean Combs was a piece of garbage when he did this interview. But Jimmy Kimmel is also a piece of garbage, along with pretty much everyone else in the industry. So we get clips like that one.
Meanwhile, the “#MeToo” movement successfully canceled a lot of guys for some bad dates, but somehow it missed Sean Combs. Somehow he flew under the radar for more than a decade, even though, according to yesterday’s indictment, he wasn’t particularly good at hiding what he was doing. If those details are true, Sean Combs is an Epstein-level monster, if not worse. And yet no one did anything about it.
The question now is whether Sean Combs will meet the same fate as Jeffrey Epstein. Combs was just denied bail, even though his defense team offered to put up a $50 million bond, secured by his various properties. That’s a sign that he’ll be staying in jail at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn for a very long time. So as with Epstein, the government is now bringing down the hammer on Sean Combs, abruptly and without any real explanation. And if the Epstein case is any indication, we probably will never get an explanation.
All we can say with certainty is that a lot of people in Sean Combs’ orbit are probably very nervous right now. And in turn, that should make Sean Combs himself very nervous. Five years after the death of Jeffrey Epstein, we’re no closer to getting a full explanation of his crimes or who he was associated with. Instead, with the arrest of Sean Combs and the sudden disclosure of his “freak offs”, there’s reason to think that yet another massive coverup is already underway.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
