Headline:
 CNN Pundit: Walz Says He’s ‘Too Dumb To Tell The Truth,’ And Legacy Media Is Buying It 

Article Text:
 "Is that the life lesson that he's giving the kids that are under his care?"
CNN Republican commentator Scott Jennings noted on Wednesday that Governor Tim Walz (D-MN) has been explaining away lies by basically claiming that he’s “too dumb to tell the truth” — and that legacy media appears to be buying that as a plausible explanation.
Jennings joined CNN anchor Abby Phillip and several other panelists on Tuesday’s broadcast of “Newsnight,” and he argued that media should at least show a little more curiosity with regard to Walz’s apparent “dishonesty.”
WATCH:
Tim Walz effectively says he’s just too dumb to tell the truth. Why is that good enough? It’s not. My latest on @cnn. pic.twitter.com/gApQTT49jv
— Scott Jennings (@ScottJenningsKY) October 3, 2024
“So everybody seems to be worried about JD Vance and dishonesty or Donald Trump and dishonesty,” Jennings began, and then quickly switched the shoe to the other foot. “I never hear the same concern about Harris and the lies that she tells about Trump, or in Walz himself, who gave the most disastrous response to a question about his own dishonesty about being in Tiananmen Square that I’ve ever heard in a debate.”
Am I Racist? Is In Theaters NOW — Get Your Tickets Here!
“He also did the same thing with Dana Bash when questioned about dishonesty a couple of months ago, and effectively what he has said is, ‘Sorry, guys, I’m too dumb to tell the truth,'” Jennings continued. “I mean, he called himself a knucklehead. ‘I have bad grammar.’ This is a guy who holds himself up to be a schoolteacher and a coach. Is that the life lesson that he’s giving the kids that are under his care? Hey, you can lie, and then you can just kind of slough it off as being, you know, too dumb to tell the truth.”
“I think it’s — we spend 99% of our time going down rabbit holes about Vance and Trump and honesty and campaigns, and we spend no time — no time at all — holding Walz and Harris to the same standard and I don’t understand it.”
Jennings has taken the same approach to Walz, noting that when CNN anchor Dana Bash had pressed him about assertions regarding his military experience that appeared to be fabricated, he had played dumb then as well.
“His only consequential press interaction with our Dana Bash, who asked him about the fabrications in his own resume, and his answer was essentially, ‘Me no understand words good.'”
WATCH:
Tim Walz gets absolutely WRECKED by @ScottJenningsKY
"Me no understand words good"🤣🤣🤣🤣 pic.twitter.com/gA8jNrzoxF
— MAGA War Room (@MAGAIncWarRoom) September 29, 2024
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
