Headline:
 Lana Del Rey Marries Alligator Tour Guide; Fans Freak Out That He Might Support Trump 

Article Text:
 Fans said Dufrene supports Trump, based on purported social media posts
Singer-songwriter Lana Del Rey, 39, was married last week to a man named Jeremy Dufrene, 49, an alligator tour boat captain in Louisiana.
The news, though, apparently upset some fans, who are angry that Dufrene might support former President Donald Trump, seemingly based on purported screenshots from Dufrene’s social media.
“Of all the cute and young ex-boyfriends that we know Lana del Rey over the years, she decided to stay with the worst, Jeremy Dufrene, a Donald Trump follower and homophobic,” one fan posted on X.
“He’s a weird republican (sic),” another person commented. “Oh Lana, it’s over for you she just sabotaged herself all she does is lie.”
“Lana I hope those things I heard [about] him aren’t true hunny,” an X user said.
“Okay so she got married quickly to a man that is an alligator tour guide and potential MAGA supporter??” a fan commented. “What am I missing? Lana Del Rey you could’ve gotten any other man!!”
Someone else brought up Del Rey’s past claim that she put a hex on Trump. “It was over for me when she dated that cop,” the comment read. “Like how are you going to claim to be a witch and put a hex on Trump then marry this guy? Girl, what?”
“Y’all were eating up her Americana, trad 50s aesthetics but in reality she was doing alt right propaganda music and found her ideal man,” another post read.
Dufrene has set his social media accounts, like Facebook and Instagram, to private. But alleged screenshots show Dufrene sharing content that is pro-Trump and aligns with conservative values. One meme allegedly shared by Dufrene promotes physical action if a male were to enter a girl’s bathroom with someone’s daughter.
In the past, Del Rey has publicly criticized Trump. In 2017, for example, she said she cast a spell on the then-president.
Am I Racist? Is In Theaters NOW — Get Your Tickets Here!
“Yeah, I did it,” she told NME. “Why not? Look, I do a lot of s***.”
“I’m in line with Yoko [Ono] and John [Lennon] and the belief that there’s a power to the vibration of a thought,” Del Rey added. “Your thoughts are very powerful things and they become words, and words become actions, and actions lead to physical changes.”
A year later, the singer scolded Kanye West for wearing a Trump hat, calling it a “loss for the culture.”
“I can only assume you relate to his personality on some level,” Del Rey posted. “Delusions of grandeur, extreme issues with narcissism.
“None of which would be a talking point if we weren’t speaking about the man leading our country,” she continued. “If you think it’s alright to support someone who believes it’s okay to grab a woman… just because he’s famous, then you need an intervention just as much as he does.”
Del Rey and Dufene, who has three children, appear to have met in 2019, when she took a boat tour with her now-husband. The pair tied the knot this past week on the same bayou where Dufrene operates those tours.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
