Headline:
 Lara Trump: More Than 100,000 Attended Trump Rally In Butler 

Article Text:
 "I have never seen a crowd like that," she said.
Republican National Committee co-chair Lara Trump said over the weekend that more than 100,000 people attended former President Donald Trump’s rally in Butler, Pennsylvania on Saturday.
Lara Trump made the remarks about the historic event, a former president and presidential nominee returning to the site where just three months earlier he was shot by a would be assassin, during a Sunday interview on CNN’s “State of the Union.”
“It really was a beautiful moment yesterday in Butler,” she said. “And I think it was really important in terms of healing for this country. I don’t think any of us will forget, whether you love Donald Trump or not, where you were when you found out what had happened to him on July 13. And that’s a traumatic thing to happen to a country.”
She said that she sat next to the wife and two daughters of Corey Comperatore, the man who was killed when he was struck by a bullet as he used his body to shield his family.
“And I can tell you, when we got off the plane yesterday, I was a little bit emotional, and I got to sit right next to Helen Comperatore, Corey Comperatore’s widow, and his two daughters,” she said. “And it was a really beautiful tribute. And I think it was important for Donald Trump to go back and create new memories for the people of Butler, Pennsylvania.”
“And that’s exactly what you saw yesterday,” she continued. “I can tell you there were over 100,000 people at that rally there last night. I have never seen a crowd like that. You couldn’t even see standing on the stage how far back the audience went.”
She said that the election was going to come down to whether people wanted to go back to a time where they were better off economically and the country was safer both domestically and on the global stage.
WATCH:
RNC CO-CHAIR @LaraLeaTrump: It was a beautiful moment in Butler. I think it was important in terms of healing for this country.
I think it was important for Donald Trump to go back and create new memories for the people of Butler, Pennsylvania. pic.twitter.com/2g17ebN0r6
— Trump War Room (@TrumpWarRoom) October 6, 2024
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
