Headline:
 Margaret Brennan, Norah O’Donnell Slammed Over Debate Bias 

Article Text:
 They broke the debate rules that they agreed to.
CBS News debate moderators Margaret Brennan and Norah O’Donnell were slammed online following Tuesday’s night debate for overt left-wing bias that they showed during the only vice presidential debate.
They both interrupted Sen. JD Vance (R-OH) and fact-checked him at times and even went as far as to cut off his microphone when he pushed back on false claims that they made.
“Of course the Fake News hacks at @CBSNews are only ‘fact checking’ JD Vance, even after they publicly promised they wouldn’t engage in their BS fact checks,” said Donald Trump Jr. “Fake News hacks like @NorahODonnell and @margbrennan are the enemy of the people!!!”
Of course the Fake News hacks at @CBSNews are only “fact checking” JD Vance, even after they publicly promised they wouldn’t engage in their BS fact checks.
Fake News hacks like @NorahODonnell and @margbrennan are the enemy of the people!!!
— Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) October 2, 2024
“Second question: CBS News Moderator Norah O’Donnell Makes the Tragedy of Western NC and Appalachia about CLIMATE CHANGE,” said Fox Business host Dagen McDowell. “Can a ghoul be grotesque?”
“100+ people are dead and Norah O’Donnell turns it into a climate change question,” said Red State writer Bonchie. “Disgusting.”
New York Post columnist Karol Markowicz posted on X: “Norah O’Donnell interjected because she knew Vance won the climate change exchange.”
Am I Racist? Is In Theaters NOW — Get Your Tickets Here!
“Norah O’Donnell is a disgrace,” said CPAC chairman Matt Schlapp. “She just fact checked on climate incorrectly and against the rules.”
“I just can’t understand,” said independent journalist Mark Halperin, adding that they were “just completely one sided … Both candidates have support from about half the country and they chose, as the previous moderators did, to gang up on one side.”
“I just can’t understand,” said @MarkHalperin of CBS News’ bias towards Tim Walz in his debate with JD Vance. Moderators Norah O’Donnell and Margaret Brennan were “just completely one sided … Both candidates have support from about half the country and they chose, as the… pic.twitter.com/xC7cTRN8DC
— 2WAY (@2waytvapp) October 2, 2024
Wall Street Journal film critic Kyle Smith posted on X: “Historically awful moment for @CBSNews here, interrupting JD Vance as he was rebutting a misleading D talking point from Margaret Brennan, who a) isn’t supposed to debate the candidates and b) shut off his mic rather than allow his true statements.”
“Vance embarrasses Margaret Brennan for falsely fact checking him,” added Bill O’Reilly. “Big points for the Senator.”
“As soon as Vance corrects Walz that the CBP One app has not been around since 1990, Norah O’Donnell pushes the button under the desk,” said political commentator Stephen L. Miller. “They didn’t cut the mics because there was insulting and abusive cross talk or yelling. They cut it because Vance was making a point and was right.”
Other notable responses included:
MARGARET BRENNAN IS A NASTY WOMAN
— Jack Poso 🇺🇸 (@JackPosobiec) October 2, 2024
The insufferable smugness from Margaret Brennan and Norah O’Donnell begs the question… can we get local reporters from swing states to moderate these debates? pic.twitter.com/Qq2DyPrpcr
— Erick Erickson (@EWErickson) October 2, 2024
CBS breaks its promise not to fact-check. Twice. Vance finally is having none of it and fact-checks Margaret Brennan on her fact-check.
CBS cuts the mic.
This is as bad as the ABC debate.
What a joke.
All of that said, Vance is owning the stage. This isn’t even close.
— Joe Concha (@JoeConchaTV) October 2, 2024
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
