Headline:
 Carnival Cruise 

Article Text:
 Two dozen people were reportedly put on a “Do Not Sail” list after a massive brawl broke out among Carnival Cruise ship passengers disembarking in Galveston, Texas.
Vacationers onboard a Carnival cruise ship were upset recently when they learned their trip was not going to be quite as they had planned.
A Carnival cruise dining hall plunged into chaos when a large group of women got into a brawl, hurling chairs and fists at each other.
Two men are breathing sighs of relief after being rescued from the Gulf of Mexico on Monday once their boat sank.
A nurse from Texas is no longer allowed on Carnival Cruise ships after she tried to bring CBD gummies with her on a cruise as a sleep aid.
Officials investigating a death that occurred during a cruise from the Bahamas to South Carolina said the incident was isolated and other passengers were not in danger.
A man was miraculously found alive on Thanksgiving after he went overboard on a Carnival cruise ship in the Gulf of Mexico.
Two groups were seen arguing onboard a Carnival Sunrise cruise ship recently but the argument eventually became physical.
A Carnival Cruise passenger recently witnessed the rescue of migrants stranded on the water as the ship returned to Port Miami in Florida.
A massive brawl broke out on the dance floor of a Carnival cruise ship early Tuesday morning that potentially involved up to 60 people.
The U.S. Coast Guard is searching for a woman who passengers say jumped off a cruise ship into the Gulf of Mexico after a hot tub incident.
The U.S. Coast Guard stopped its search for a woman who reportedly fell overboard from a cruise ship located near Ensenada, Mexico, CBS News reported Monday.
Twenty-seven individuals aboard a Carnival cruise have tested positive for the coronavirus prior to the ship making a stop in Belize City, the Belize Tourism Board said.
Carnival Cruise Lines is introducing both mask and pre-cruise testing requirements for vaccinated guests aboard its cruise ships after reporting a “small number of positive cases” aboard a liner.
Carnival Cruise Line announced Monday morning that all sailings will remain suspended through September 30 due to the ongoing pandemic.
Carnival Cruise Lines was inundated with bookings after announcing it would return to the high seas starting in August after months of being on Chinese coronavirus lockdown.
Major cruise liners and The Walt Disney Company are paying it forward by donating millions of dollars to help relief efforts in the Bahamas, which is struggling to rebuild after Hurricane Dorian.
The life of a wheel-chair bound Carnival cruise passenger was saved by two men after she fell from a dock in the Virgin Islands Monday morning.
North Korea state media revealed Tuesday that the communist nation had sent a delegation from its tourism agency to its close ally Cuba, presumably for advice on how to generate more revenue for the government without having to make material changes to its atrocious human rights record.
As many as 800,000 Americans have purchased tickets to travel via cruise ship from the United States to Cuba, a practice the Trump administration banned Tuesday, likely keeping their money out of the hands of the repressive Castro regime.
Cuba’s state newspaper Granma continued its campaign against the United States’ decision to allow Americans to sue companies who profit from companies using their stolen property this week, arguing in a column Wednesday that the communist theft of their properties was legal because it was a “sovereign” act and the true owners of the properties were “delinquents.”
Carnival Cruises became the first corporation sued under Title III of the 1996 Libertad Act on Thursday for profiting from the use of stolen property in Cuba.
Americans who lost land during the 1959 Cuban Revolution will begin to file lawsuits against corporations profiting from their stolen property for the first time this week, a result of President Donald Trump choosing to allow U.S. citizens to exercise that right for the first time in history.
The State Department announced Wednesday it has begun the process of considering allowing U.S. citizens to sue the government of Cuba for property stolen in the mass “nationalization” theft shortly following the Cuban Revolution.
The Assembly of the Cuban Resistance, a coalition of Cuban and Cuban-American human rights advocacy groups, announced a large-scale caravan protest in Miami against cruise corporations choosing to do business with Cuba.
The rightful owners of two of Cuba’s largest ports, stolen from their families by the communist Cuban revolution, launched a campaign this week in conjunction with human rights organizations to discourage American tourism in the island nation.
As the media celebrated the incoming windfall to the communist Castro regime with the first commercial cruise voyage from the United States to Havana in nearly 40 years, a Cuban man was arrested in the capital city for welcoming the ship with a U.S. flag.
The government of Cuba, after weeks of pressure from pro-freedom activists and a lawsuit against corporate giant Carnival Cruise, will make an exception to a law banning U.S. citizens born in Cuba from landing on the island by sea. Passengers aboard Carnival’s Fathom cruise line will be the beneficiaries of that policy change.
Carnival Cruises has agreed to rescind its policy of not selling tickets for its newly-announced Cuba cruises to U.S. citizens born in Cuba. Should Cuba ban these individuals from docking, Carnival has promised to delay the program’s maiden voyage. This represents a change in policy following a civil rights lawsuit filed against the corporation.
Carnival Cruises is facing legal action for enacting a ban on American citizens born in Cuba from purchasing tickets to their debuting voyage around the island of Cuba, a restriction which a court may find violates the 1964 U.S. Civil Rights Act.
A Carnival Cruises line has announced a “very intensely cultural experience” on their inaugural voyage to Cuba for all interested Americans — except Cuban-Americans, whom the Cuban government has banned from purchasing a ticket.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
