Headline:
 Twitch 

Article Text:
 Troubled rapper and entrepreneur Ye, formerly known as Kanye West, began streaming on the Amazon-owned livestreaming app Twitch Friday, but the online broadcast was short-lived after he reverted to his now-familiar Nazi antics.
Podcaster and popular streamer DJ Akademiks has been banned from the livestreaming service Twitch after owning up to making sexual remarks to a 15-year-old.
Three major brands have pulled their ads from Amazon’s Twitch streaming platform following allegations that the company is enabling antisemitic content.
Elon Musk’s X, formerly known as Twitter, has added Amazon’s Twitch livestreaming platform as a defendant in its ongoing lawsuit alleging that advertisers illegally conspired to boycott the platform, withholding billions of dollars in advertising revenue.
The Kamala Harris presidential campaign has launched a custom map in the megapopular video game Fortnite in a last ditch attempt to reach young men.
As part of the Democrats’ never-ending mission to appear normal, Minnesota Governor and Vice Presidential Candidate Tim Walz played a game of Madden against New York Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D). It did not go well.
Democrat vice presidential nominee Tim Walz teamed up with Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) on the streaming platform Twitch to playing video games in a desperate attempt to reach young male voters the Harris campaign is struggling to gain support from.
Amazon’s popular livestreaming platform Twitch has apologized after Israeli users discovered they were unable to create new accounts, sparking accusations of antisemitism against the company. The company is also under fire for hosting a panel in which pro-Palestinian streamers ranked their peers from “Arab” to “Loves Sabra,” a reference to Israeli-born Jews.
Vice President Kamala Harris’s campaign livestreamed Governor Tim Walz’s Arizona rally on Twitch, with a streamer providing commentary while playing World of Warcraft. The gaming broadcast was a desperate attempt to connect with young male voters.
A missing Michigan teen has been found safe after his brother spotted him in a popular Twitch livestream from Florida, police said.
Social media influencer Kai Cenat is facing charges of inciting a riot and promoting an unlawful gathering in New York City.
Riots erupted in New York City on Friday afternoon after popular Twitch streamer Kai Cenat instructed his millions of followers to meet him at Union Square Park for a giveaway.
Arkansas has joined Utah and Texas in passing a bill requiring age verification for children using social media in this case the Social Media Safety Act. However, the law has attracted criticism from some conservative policy analysts over its explicit carve out for the biggest social media platform for teenagers: Google-owned YouTube.
TikToker whose videos of a home invasion, stealing a woman’s dog, and asking lone women whether they wanted to die blamed outrage on racism.
Twitch suspended Nothing, Forever, an AI-generated Seinfeld spoof, for streaming a joke about how “transgender people.”
Turkish-American streamer Hasan Piker cheered the Queen’s death, giving the middle finger to the camera and saying “f*** you, Queen” and later dancing on Twitch to celebrate the news.
Internet powerhouse Cloudflare recently blocked Kiwi Farms, a popular internet drama forum, just days after saying it would continue to provide service to the website despite weeks of pressure from transgender activists.
A retired Buffalo police officer killed in Saturday’s mass shooting is being revered as a “hero” for his efforts to thwart the gunman.
Leaked internal documents reportedly reveal tech giant Facebook’s opinions on rival platforms like TikTok and YouTube. Mark Zuckerberg’s internet giant is plainly interested in targeting rival platforms as “inspiration” for future features, a favorite strategy of Facebook enabled by its massive power over the market.
Amazon’s live-streaming platform Twitch recently fell victim to a major leak that exposed the site’s source code, top streamer’s earnings, and more. The company acknowledged the leak, stating: “We have learned that some data was exposed to the internet due to an error in a Twitch server configuration change that was subsequently accessed by a malicious third party. Our teams are working with urgency to investigate the incident.”
Twitch streamer and strident socialist Hasan Piker has reportedly made nearly $3 million from the Amazon-owned streaming platform since 2019 — placing him comfortably in the top one percent of earners in the United States — according to a massive leak of internal documents which disclosed streamers’ earnings.
The Amazon-owned streaming platform Twitch has reportedly suffered a massive data leak, which has disclosed confidential company information, as well as streamers’ earnings, with more than 100GB of data posted to the internet on Wednesday.
Hasan Piker, Twitch streamer and nephew of The Young Turks founder and failed Democrat congressional candidate Cenk Uygur, a strident socialist who once said the U.S. deserved 9/11, has bought a multi-million dollar mansion in West Hollywood.
A recent report from the New York Times states that the federal government is using an “influencer army” to promote pro-vaccine campaigns aimed at America’s youth.
A Brazilian Fortnite streamer known online as RaulZito has reportedly been arrested by Brazilian authorities on charges that he sexually assaulted two minors.
Many high-profile websites were taken down by an outage at the cloud-computing company Fastly this week. Now it’s reported that the bug was triggered when a single Fastly customer innocently changed their settings, triggering a total systems failure.
The far-left Anti-Defamation League (ADL) has said that Twitch, the Amazon-owned video streaming platform, should invest even more resources into censorship tools — even after the platform twice banned Donald Trump, first temporarily during the campaign season, and then permanently in January.
Amazon-owned video streaming platform Twitch has unveiled a new policy of penalizing users based on their conduct off-platform as well as on-platform, creating a virtue test for any user wishing to use the popular streaming service.
In the most recent edition of NASCAR drivers getting in trouble for saying bad things during virtual races, driver Hailee Deegan found herself having to apologize for calling an online competitor a “r*tard.”
Amid censorship and removal of President Trump from certain platforms, Kelley Paul, the wife of Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY), took to Twitter on Sunday where she slammed the tech giant for not removing threats against her husband.
A legislative counsel member from the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has issued a rebuke after Facebook and Twitter decided to suspend American President Donald Trump from their platforms.
More than a dozen platforms controlled by the Big Tech Masters of the Universe have blacklisted or restricted President Donald Trump.
Twitch has locked President Donald Trump’s account indefinitely following the riots that took place on Capitol Hill on Wednesday.
Amazon-owned livestreaming platform Twitch banned the iconic “PogChamp” emote, one of the most influential memes to come from the service, on Wednesday following comments about the Capitol Hill protests by the streamer depicted in the emote.
Amazon-owned video livestreaming service Twitch has now banned the use of the terms “incel,” “virgin,” and “simp,” when used as insults across the platform.
Amazon-owned streaming service Twitch has temporarily banned the official account of President Donald Trump over “hateful conduct,” cutting the campaign off from a major platform that it uses to stream rallies and other events.
Amazon-owned live-streaming site Twitch has reportedly appointed a transgender “deer-girl” with links to the ADL to its “Safety Advisory Council.” The streamer, known as “FerociouslySteph” on the site, argues that voice chat in video games is a tool of oppression and that “a lot of you gamers are actually white supremacists.”
Jair Renan Bolsonaro, the fourth-oldest son of Brazilian president Jair Bolsonaro, was suspended from the Amazon-owned video streaming platform Twitch.tv last week after casting doubt on the severity of the Chinese virus pandemic.
According to a recent report, Amazon-owned live streaming platform Twitch is failing to generate as much ad revenue as expected.
President Donald Trump has joined the gamer-centric, live-streaming platform Twitch, which is owned by Amazon, broadening the online reach of his rallies ahead of the 2020 presidential election.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
