Headline:
 debate 

Article Text:
 Canada held prime minister debates on Wednesday and Thursday, the first in French and the second in English. The Thursday debate was, by all accounts, a more spirited joust between interim Prime Minister Mark Carney and his rivals from the Conservative, NDP, and Bloc Quebecois parties.
Unelected Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney declined to participate in a French-language debate against his election rivals.
Don Lemon got into a verbal sparring match with former professional soccer player and social media star Will “Goluremi” John during a street interview, arguing over whether Democrats view Elon Musk as the “real president-elect” over Donald Trump.
New Hampshire congressional candidate Lily Tang Williams (R) blasted her Democrat opponent — the wife of Biden administration National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan — in a viral moment during their Thursday debate, calling her out for being a multi-millionaire carpetbagger who pretends to relate to the middle class.
Sen. Tammy Baldwin (D-WI) falsely claimed during Wisconsin’s U.S. Senate debate Friday night with Republican businessman Eric Hovde that the pro-migration Senate legislation was the “toughest border bill” in years.
A fact check aimed at Donald Trump regarding violent crime rates in the United States during the ABC News debate has not held up well.
Ret. U.S. Army Capt. Sam Brown (R) slammed Sen. Jacky Rosen (D-NV) during Nevada’s Senate debate for refusing to protect women’s sports.
Ret. U.S. Army Capt. Sam Brown, the Republican nominee for Senate in Nevada, called out Sen. Jacky Rosen (D-NV) during their debate for dodging a question about potentially suspending aid to Israel.
Pennsylvania Republican Senate candidate Dave McCormick blasted Sen Bob Casey (D-PA) during their debate Tuesday night for supporting legislation signed into law by the Harris-Biden administration that led to crippling inflation. While fielding a question about the causes of the
Former Rep. Mike Rogers (R-MI) called out Rep. Elissa Slotkin (D-MI) during Monday’s Michigan U.S. Senate debate for passing inflaton-driving legislation signed into law by the Biden-Harris administration.
Former Rep. Mike Rogers (R-MI) blasted Rep. Elissa Slotkin (D-MI) for claiming the Senate immigration bill would secure the U.S. southern border during their second U.S. Senate debate Monday.
Rep Elissa Slotkin (D-MI) claimed during Monday night’s U.S. Senate debate in Michigan that “there is no EV [electric vehicle] mandate,” and she is indifferent to whether Americans drive EVs or gas-powered vehicles.
A funny thing happened this week in the immediate aftermath of the first—and possibly only—debate between GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump and Democrat presidential nominee Vice President Kamala Harris. No, I’m not talking about anything that happened on stage or even the post-debate spin from the various sides. Think what you will about the debate and its impact, and there are good arguments any which way on that.
If Kamala loses in November, her choice of weirdo Walz over Pennsylvania Gov. Josh Shapiro will be remembered as a fatal mistake.
Republican Kari Lake blasted Rep. Ruben Gallego (D-AZ) during Arizona’s U.S. Senate debate for trying to “reinvent himself” in a moderate light in hopes of winning the state.
Arizona Republican Kari Lake slammed Rep. Ruben Gallego (D-AZ) for flip-flopping on the border wall at Wendesday night’s U.S. Senate debate in the Grand Canyon State.
Former Rep. Mike Rogers (R-MI) hammered Rep. Elissa Slotkin (D-MI) for her record of supporting Electric Vehicle (EV) mandates during Michigan’s U.S. Senate debate Tuesday.
Former Rep. Mike Rogers (R-MI) said during Michigan’s Senate debate that Rep. Elissa Slotkin (D-MI) “clearly went through” CIA deception training.
Republican candidate Dave McCormick called out Sen. Bob Casey (D-PA) for an unrealized U.S. Steel investment in Pennsylvania at their Senate debate.
Pennsylvania Republican Senate candidate Dave McCormick exposed Sen. Bob Casey’s (D-PA) record on the southern border during their debate Tuesday, arguing Casey “has very little that he can say with credibility” about the issue.
Pennsylvania Republican Senate nominee Dave McCormick said Sen. Bob Casey (D-PA) does not “have a record to run on” after nearly two decades in the U.S. Senate, so he must resort to negative attacks.
Virginia Republican U.S. Senate candidate Hung Cao had a number of viral moments during his debate with Sen. Tim Kaine (D-VA) on Wednesday night.
Vance claimed during the vice presidential debate with Walz that the Walz signed a bill removing a requirement for doctors to provide life-saving care to babies who survive botched abortions. He also claimed that Kamala Harris supports suing Catholic nuns to violate their freedom of conscience.
Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz (D) claimed during Tuesday’s debate that Georgia mother Amber Nicole Thurman died in the “journey back and forth” from Georgia to North Carolina while seeking an abortion.
During Tuesday’s debate between vice presidential candidates Sen. JD Vance (R-OH) and Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz (D), Vance reiterated his support of states creating their own abortion laws and called for the U.S. to be “more pro-baby and pro-family.”
Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz (D) appeared to deny that sweeping abortion legislation he signed in 2023 allows abortions in the ninth month of pregnancy.
The mass migration supported by Kamala Harris crowds American schools, fills hospitals, and drives up the cost of family housing, Sen. JD Vance told the viewers watching CBS News’s vice presidential debate.
Walz was wrong, and Vance noted that people weren’t being censored for shouting “fire,” but rather “for saying that toddlers shouldn’t wear masks.”
Sen. JD Vance (R-OH) admitted that he had been “wrong” with his past opinions about former President Donald Trump, noting he had “believed” some of the “dishonest, fabrications” about Trump’s record from the media.
Trump wants to cover pre-existing conditions. Walz’s claim is a false one, which has been fact-checked before.
Walz broke out a false claim at the vice presidential debate on CBS News on Tuesday night that Democrats made against Trump from 2015 to 2020,
Former President Donald Trump is live-reacting to the debate between his running mate Sen. JD Vance (R-OH) and Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz (D), criticizing the moderators, remarking on Vance’s performance, and mocking Walz.
It is not true that Finland does not have school shootings. They do take place — though less frequently than in the United States, which differs from Finland in other important ways.
Sen. JD Vance (R-OH) said, “The real family separation policy in the country” is Vice President “Kamala Harris’s wide-open southern border,” during Tuesday night’s vice presidential debate against Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz (D).
Walz trotted out a false claim at the vice presidential debate on CBS News on Tuesday night that he has used before, as has Vice President Kamala Harris.
Gov. Tim Walz (D-MN) referred to the current administration as the “Harris administration” — perhaps, mistakenly, showcasing once again that Vice President Kamala Harris owns the policies and failures of the Biden-Harris administration.
Trump, in fact, won the trade war with China, leading to a Phase I trade deal that was only overshadowed by the coronavirus.
The reality is that the “bipartisan” immigration bill was so bad that it never would have passed on its own merits.
A viral video released Monday features Republican vice-presidential nominee Sen. JD Vance (R-OH) recounting his upbringing in Middletown, Ohio, and emphasizing he hails from the places he wants to represent.
Democrat Vice presidential nominee Gov. Tim Walz (D-MN) will try to avoid discussing his and Vice President Kamala Harris’s “horrific radical left policies” during the vice presidential debate and instead work to paint “rosy pictures” of a future under Harris, according to the Trump campaign.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
