Headline:
 Jimmy Carter 

Article Text:
 The Beatles and former U.S. President Jimmy Carter carried the night Sunday at the 2025 Grammys. Taylor Swift and Billie Eilish, not so much.
Former first lady Michelle Obama will skip President-elect Donald Trump’s inauguration next Monday after she was notably absent from late President Jimmy Carter’s state funeral last week, her office said.
Iowa Gov. Kim Reynolds (R) ordered the American flags to be raised at full-staff for President-elect Donald Trump’s inauguration on January 20.
Texas Governor Greg Abbott ordered the flags on the State Capitol and other State buildings to be at full-staff on January 20 to celebrate the inauguration of President-Elect Donald Trump. The flags are currently at half-staff in memory of the late President Jimmy Carter.
Former Vice President Mike Pence revealed that he congratulated President-elect Donald Trump on his win in the presidential election during former President James Earl “Jimmy” Carter Jr.’s funeral.
President-elect Donald Trump has expressed a strong interest in acquiring control of the Panama Canal, potentially by force if necessary.
Conservative President of Panamá José Raúl Mulino stated on Tuesday that he will not respond to President-elect Donald Trump’s statement on taking control of the Panama Canal until Trump takes office on January 20.
President Joe Biden politicized former President Jimmy Carter’s funeral on Thursday to warn the nation against “hate” and “abuse of power.”
President-elect Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump attended President Jimmy Carter’s funeral and were seated with other former presidents and their spouses in a single pew, where Trump had a long conversation with former President Barack Obama.
All living former first ladies attended former President Jimmy Carter’s funeral on Thursday, except Michelle Obama.
The United States Capitol Police have arrested a man who reportedly attempted to bring a machete and several knives into the Capitol Visitor Center.
President-elect Donald Trump and Melania Trump paid their respects to the late President Jimmy Carter as he lay in state on Wednesday night.
The American President, born to wealth in New York City, was known for both his tough talk and his populist appeal.  He also had a strong interest in Panama, seeing it is a key strategic and economic chokepoint that the U.S. must control, staving off any hostile power.
Former President James Earl “Jimmy” Carter Jr. was remembered by his grandson, Jason Carter, who noted that the former president’s “legacy will live on.”
CNN contributor Scott Jennings said Monday on CNN’s “Newsnight” that the late President Jimmy Carter was a “terrible president” who saddled up with dictators.
Fox News contributor Tammy Bruce said Monday on “Outnumbered” that President Joe Biden was a “jerk” for his comments on President-elect Donald Trump and late President Jimmy Carter.
Longtime sports talk radio host Mike Francesa characterized President Jimmy Carter as “not a great president” after news broke of Carter’s passing on Sunday afternoon.
Presidential historian Jon Meacham claimed Monday on MSNBC’s “Morning Joe” that former President Jimmy Carter cared about politicians’ character while most voters do not.
Israel sent condolences Monday to the American people and the family of former President Jimmy Carter on his passing Sunday, choosing to emphasize his work for peace and to overlook his later false claims that the Jewish state practices “apartheid.”
President-elect Donald Trump honored former President Jimmy Carter upon hearing of his death at age 100, graciously remembering him.
Democrats and Republicans reacted to the news that former President James Earl “Jimmy” Carter Jr. had died on Sunday at the age of 100, highlighting how he had “embodied decency and integrity” over his years “of public service.”
Former President James Earl “Jimmy” Carter Jr. has passed away at the age of 100. He served only one term from 1977 to 1981 and was defeated by Ronald Reagan, yet remained active in politics and diplomatic life.
Far-left President of Colombia Gustavo Petro warned President-elect Donald Trump on Sunday that he will side with neighboring Panama “until the last consequences” should the United States take control of the Panama Canal.
The historical judgment on both Jimmy Carter and Joe Biden is likely to be harsh. Confronted with disjunctive forces within, they let them get worse—and Americans noticed.
Former President Donald Trump is poised to secure a significant electoral victory, potentially “sweeping battleground states,” according to Rasmussen’s head pollster, who sees the current race favoring Trump in the national popular vote, suggesting a larger “political realignment” is underway, and foreseeing an outcome that could echo — or even exceed — Ronald Reagan’s historic landslide win over Jimmy Carter in 1980.
Former President Jimmy Carter turns 100 years old on Tuesday, October 1, making him the first U.S. president to reach the century mark.
Former President Jimmy Carter received fond birthday wishes Sunday from President Joe Biden, with the soon-to-depart White House octogenarian telling him, “Mr. President, I admire you so darn much.”
Consumer prices have soared 20.2 percent since Vice President Kamala Harris and President Joe Biden took office 42 months ago.
Former President Joe Biden’s low approval rating is far below 50 percent, a watermark associated with a successful reelection campaign, underscoring the president’s uphill climb.
President Joe Biden’s average job approval rating across his third year in office languished at the lowest point of any U.S. president since Jimmy Carter was in the White House, a Gallup poll released Thursday shows.
Senator Raphael Warnock (D-GA) said Sunday on MSNBC’s “Inside” that the Evangelical community’s support of former President Donald Trump was a “deep contradiction.”
Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. wants to put Americans first. Will the uniparty stand for that?
The Democrats and the establishment media use and abuse history to undercut Republican presidents. This time, the target is Ronald Reagan, and the history involves the Iran hostage crisis and Jimmy Carter’s 1980 re-election defeat.
President Joe Biden revealed Monday night he has been personally chosen by former President Jimmy Carter to deliver his memorial service eulogy when he dies.
Former President Jimmy Carter, 98, will receive Hospice care following a string of hospital visits, the Carter Center announced Saturday.
President Joe Biden, embattled in controversy stemming from his handling of classified documents, had previously tanked former President Jimmy Carter’s nomination for CIA director over his alleged mishandling of classified documents while Biden served in the U.S. Senate.
Jimmy Carter ignored the need for more energy and paid a steep price when he ran for re-election. Half a century later, Joe Biden is also ignoring it.
Reflecting on the country’s last 15 presidencies, from Franklin D. Roosevelt to Joe Biden, conservative radio legend Michael Savage argued that Biden is
If Joe Biden is having trouble with fellow Democrat Nancy Pelosi, how’s he going to do with Communist Xi Jinping and Red China?
WASHINGTON, DC — Former Education Secretary Betsy DeVos reiterated her call to eliminate the Department of Education while calling out entrenched federal bureaucrats, the “vast majority” of whom are “actually working against you.”




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
