Headline:
 Rachel Maddow 

Article Text:
 It seems viewers were not as excited about the second episode of MSNBC host Jen Psaki’s “The Briefing” on Wednesday evening.
Extreme left-wing MSNBC host Rachel Maddow and CBS host Stephen Colbert claimed the Republican Party wants to put an end to elections.
Representative Jamie Raskin (D-MD) claimed Friday on MSNBC’s “The Rachel Maddow Show” that Trump administration officials could be arrested for “interfering with a legal proceeding” or “kidnapping.”
Governor Tim Walz (D-MN) claimed Thursday on MSNBC’s “The Rachel Maddow Show” that schools could segregate without the existence of the Department of Education.
On Monday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Rachel Maddow Show,” host Rachel Maddow stated that after “President Trump and his top campaign donor and the Attorney General, Pam Bondi, all started threatening Americans who don’t support Elon Musk’s car company, they started
WASHINGTON–President Donald Trump on Thursday ripped into Democrats and liberal media pundits for their behavior during and after his joint address to Congress.
The father of DJ Daniel, the teenage cancer survivor whom President Trump honored on Tuesday, had harsh words for MSNBC host Rachel Maddow after she deemed the president “disgusting” for spotlighting the boy’s fight with cancer.
MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow said during her network’s coverage of the presidential address to a joint session of Congress that it was “disgusting” President Donald Trump “made a spectacle out of praising a young man who thus far survived pediatric cancer.”
MSNBC has taken a “hatchet” to Mark Cuban’s Rachel Maddow’s staff, writes the far-left HuffPost, adding that on Tuesday “the majority of Maddow’s staff has been gutted.”
MSNBC host Rachel Maddow said Monday on “The Rachel Maddow Show” that her network made a “bad mistake” firing host Joy Reid.
Far-left NBC News has settled a $30 million defamation case filed after its MSNBC all-star team falsely accused a doctor of of performing “mass hysterectomies.”
MSNBC television host Rachel Maddow on Wednesday accused President Donald Trump and Elon Musk of “corrupt” self-dealing to purchase worth of $400 million of armored Teslas through a State Department contract.
On Wednesday, host Rachel Maddow discussed President Joe Biden’s farewell address, saying Biden’s warning about the incoming Trump administration “put a shiver” down her spine.
For the first 100 days of Trump’s presidency, Rachel Maddow will host her MSNBC show five nights a week instead of one.
Far-left MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow, Chris Hayes, and Ari Melber are “pissed” at Morning Joe co-hosts Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski for meeting with President-elect Donald Trump, reports the Daily Mail.
MSNBC anchor Rachel Maddow is reportedly taking a significant pay cut as the network’s viewers appear to be feeling blue after President-elect Donald Trump’s comeback victory.
MSNBC host Rachel Maddow said Thursday on “Deadline” that President-elect Donald Trump is attempting to “destroy the U.S. government” with his picks to fill his administration’s cabinet.
During MSNBC’s election coverage on Tuesday, MSNBC host Rachel Maddow floated the possibility that “the reason that Texas may not matter in the Electoral College and it may not be competitive in the Electoral College may be because of state
MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow is facing backlash after suggesting billionaire Elon Musk’s government contracts be terminated due to “national security” risks allegedly posed by the Trump-supporting entrepreneur. The presenter faces accusations she is seeking to have the government “punish” the Tesla CEO for endorsing the former president.
MSNBC host Rachel Maddow said Tuesday on “The Reid Out” that she was “grateful” for Democratic presidential nominee Vice President Kamala Harris and her speech at the Ellipse in Washington, D.C. because it will “effectively reconsecrate” the ground.
According to the talent at MSNBC, mansplaining knows no gender boundaries, which they argued was on display by Republican presidential nominee Sen. JD Vance (R-OH) during Tuesday’s vice-presidential debate between Vance and Gov. Tim Walz (D-MN).
MSNBC host Rachel Maddow said Wednesday on “The ReidOut” that former President Donald Trump didn’t “think that elections are a real thing.”
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Monday called for Americans to be “criminally charged” if they engage in free speech that sounds like Russian propaganda.
MSNBC host Rachel Maddow said during her network’s coverage of Tuesday’s presidential debate that former President Donald Trump was “unable to finish a thought.”
MSNBC host Rachel Maddow said Tuesday on ABC’s “The View” that it was “evil” for former President Donald Trump to attack Hunter Biden, son of President Joe Biden.
MSNBC host Joy Reid said Tuesday on her network’s special “Decision 2024” coverage that former President Donald Trump “really does want to bring back fascism.” While discussing Vice President Kamala Harris’ running mate, Gov. Tim Walz (D-MN), Reid said, “The
Former White House press secretary and MSNBC host Jen Psaki said Sunday on the network’s coverage of President Joe Biden’s withdrawal from the presidential race that the Democratic Party will run a process with the “goal” of making Vice President Kamala Harris look strong while “technically” leaving room for other candidates.
MSNBC host Rachel Maddow said on her network’s breaking news coverage of President Joe Biden’s withdrawal from the presidential race that she is “blown away” by his patriotism.
Wednesday, during MSNBC’s coverage of the Republican National Convention, Democratic National Committee chairman Jaime Harrison reacted to the rampant speculation that President Joe Biden would be forced off of the 2024 Democratic presidential ticket.
Senator Cory Booker (D-NJ) said Tuesday during MSNBC’s coverage of the Republican National Convention that his colleague Sen. Bob Menendez (D-NJ) must resign or face expulsion after being found guilty on 16 felony counts, including bribery and extortion.
Former White House press secretary and MSNBC host Jen Psaki said Monday on the network’s coverage of the Republican National Convention that Teamsters president Sean O’Brien’s speech to the Republican National Convention in Milwaukee stung “a bit” for Democrats.
MSNBC host Rachel Maddow said on the network’s coverage of the Republican National Convention that former President Donald Trump’s vice-presidential pick, Sen. J.D. Vance (R-OH), is “radical.”
MSNBC anchor Rachel Maddow said Thursday on “All In” that she was worried President Joe Biden was not being given the real poll numbers, which showed that he was losing the race after he insisted in his press conference that he was not doing poorly.
MSNBC host Nicolle Wallace said Thursday following the presidential debate that President Joe Biden’s inner circle is discussing if he should be in the presidential race.
Internet trolls came out in force after Joy Behar shared her paranoid delusion former President Trump would cancel ABC’s The View if elected in November.
Joy Behar told her co-hosts Tuesday on ABC’s “The View” that former President Donald Trump has gone “full Jim Jones,” referencing the cult leader whose group committed mass suicide by drinking poisoned Kool-Aid.
MSNBC host Rachel Maddow said Tuesday on ABC’s “The View” that no one will be “safe” from Donald Trump if he wins the presidential election in November.
MSNBC host Rachel Maddow said Tuesday on “Deadline” that former President Donald Trump and Republicans were “running against the American system of government.”
Rachel Maddow is spreading a conspiracy theory that a reelected President Donald Trump might ship her off to one of his “massive camps.”
Members of the establishment media appeared enthusiastically overjoyed after a jury convicted former President Donald Trump on Thursday.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
