Headline:
 Georgetown Women’s Team Criticized for Praising Former Player Who Allegedly Attacked Officer With a Knife 

Article Text:
 Georgetown University’s women’s basketball team is facing pushback after paying tribute to former team player Sidney Wilson, who was shot and killed while allegedly swinging a knife at a Fairfax County police officer.
Newsweek reported that Wilson died in hospital on September 16, 2024, after being shot by the officer.
They also noted that body cam footage from the incident shows Wilson allegedly slashing the officer’s face with a knife and refusing orders to “back up” before being shot.
The Daily Mail noted that Wilson was 6’6″ and allegedly charged at the officer as he performed a welfare check on her.
She allegedly “slashed the officer multiple times in his face before the cop fired his gun.”
Following her death, Georgetown Women’s Basketball posted to X:
They followed that post with another, which said, “Once a Hoya, Always a Hoya We love you Syd! We will keep you in our hearts.”
Neither of the posts expressed well wishes for the injured officer or sorrow over Wilson allegedly slashing him with a knife.
Many X users responded critically to Georgetown’s tributes to Wilson, with one user writing, “She tried to murder a police officer.”
Another wrote, “She tried to murder a cop,” and yet another penned, “You’re praising an attempted cop killer…”
AWR Hawkins is an award-winning Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and the writer/curator of Down Range with AWR Hawkins, a weekly newsletter focused on all things Second Amendment, also for Breitbart News. He is the political analyst for Armed American Radio, a member of Gun Owners of America, a Pulsar Night Vision pro-staffer, and the director of global marketing for Lone Star Hunts. He was a Visiting Fellow at the Russell Kirk Center for Cultural Renewal in 2010 and has a Ph.D. in Military History. Follow him on Instagram: @awr_hawkins. You can sign up to get Down Range at breitbart.com/downrange. Reach him directly: awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
