Headline:
 student loan forgiveness 

Article Text:
 Filmmaker Michael Moore is urging President Joe Biden to use his final months in The White House to forcibly push through a far-left agenda that includes shifting all student loan debt to American taxpayers, ending the federal death penalty, and halting all military aid to Israel.
A student loan forgiveness update will be rolled out in the next week by the Biden administration, coming less than 100 days before the presidential election.
The 2024 federal budget deficit will climb to $1.9 trillion, thanks, in large part, to student loan “forgiveness.”
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) appeared Monday on CBS’s “The Late Show with Stephen Colbert” where she touted President Joe Biden’s latest student loan bailout, which is expected to transfer billions of dollars of student debt to American taxpayers.
Democrat presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy Jr. slammed President Joe Biden for failing to “bring Congress together” on the student debt issue after the Supreme Court struck down Biden’s attempted debt transfer.
The Supreme Court just gave a boost to the Federal Reserve’s efforts to tame inflation.
Missouri Sen. Eric Schmitt (R-MO), former attorney general of the state, celebrated the conservative Supreme Court victory after the Supreme Court formally knocked down the Biden administration’s student loan debt transfer plan, touting that their lawsuit successfully saved taxpayers a “half trillion dollars.”
The Supreme Court struck down President Joe Biden’s student loan forgiveness plan on Friday, ending a $430 billion debt writeoff that critics said had been a midterm election gimmick Biden knew was unconstitutional.
President Joe Biden on Wednesday vetoed a Republican-led measure that would have overturned his plan to forgive student debt for millions of Americans.
The Education Department is “preparing to restart” federal student loan debt payments after a three-year pause during the pandemic.
Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-NY) on Tuesday claimed the Democrat-lead initiative to transference student debt to the taxpayer “isn’t a handout to the wealthy,” despite contrary evidence by the Penn Wharton Budget Model.
Blocking Biden’s student loan bailout process will be a significant victory for minorities and all Americans who want to fix higher education.
On Tuesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “The ReidOut,” Rep. Ayanna Pressley (D-MA) stated that she will continue to push the Biden administration “for an executive action agenda” now that Democrats are in the House minority and touted her previous accomplishments working
President Joe Biden’s administration announced on Tuesday that the pause on student loan payments will be extended until “no later than June 30, 2023,” while the legality of Biden’s attempted debt transfer is determined by federal courts.
A federal judge in Texas on Thursday declared President Joe Biden’s student loan forgiveness program unlawful, dealing another blow to the Biden administration’s attempted wealth transfer.
A federal appeals court temporarily blocked President Joe Biden’s student debt transfer on Friday, just hours after he boasted that the courts were on his “side” on the issue.
Wisconsin Republican Sen. Ron Johnson, during Friday night’s debate with Democrat Mandela Barnes, slammed President Joe Biden’s student loan forgiveness scheme.
Twenty-two Republican governors, led by Iowa Gov. Kim Reynolds, issued a letter slamming President Joe Biden’s student loan “forgiveness” scheme, which would cancel up to $20,000 in student loans and cost taxpayers an average of more than $2,500 per year, according to the National Taxpayers Union Foundation.
Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) dismissed comparisons made between the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) and President Biden’s plan to forgive $10,000 to $20,000 in student loan debt, explaining why it is “not even the same thing” in principle.
A poll found that most independents in New Hampshire oppose President Joe Biden’s recent student loan scheme that he announced in August, which would forgive up to $20,000 for some borrowers.
Vulnerable Rep. Cindy Axne, the lone Democrat in Congress from Iowa, claimed that President Joe Biden’s student loan forgiveness scheme “will bring down inflation,” despite what prominent Democrat economists and analysts have shown.
The debate over the Biden administration’s student loan scheme has somehow become even stupider as the week has worn on.
Vulnerable Rep. Cindy Axne, Iowa’s lone Democrat congressional member, is silent on whether she supports President Joe Biden’s student loan forgiveness scheme, which has the potential to cost American taxpayers over $1 trillion.
Trump characterized Biden’s student loan program as a “money grab” that forces Americans to bail out “college administrators.”
On Thursday’s broadcast of Bloomberg TV’s “Bloomberg Markets,” Education Secretary Miguel Cardona responded to criticism of President Joe Biden’s student loan program that it’s not fair to people who paid back their loans by saying that “If something happened where
Half a trillion dollar price tag and debt still returns to present levels in just five years.
Prominent economists who served under previous Democrat presidents ripped President Joe Biden over his $300 billion student loan forgiveness scheme.
Democrats in battleground states are criticizing His Fraudulency Joe Biden’s radical student loan giveaway.
Wednesday on FNC’s “Tucker Carlson Tonight,” host Tucker Carlson reacted to President Joe Biden’s student loan forgiveness program announcement earlier in the day.
A clip has resurfaced from 2020 of Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) telling a father who paid off his daughter’s student loans that he would not get his money back under her loan forgiveness program.
On Wednesday’s broadcast of Newsmax TV’s “Rob Schmitt Tonight,” Rep. Chip Roy (R-TX) stated that President Biden’s student loan policy is saying, “screw you” to people who paid off their loans or didn’t take out student loans, and that if
During portions of an interview aired on Friday’s “PBS NewsHour,” Professor of the Practice of Economic Policy at Harvard University and the Harvard Kennedy School Jason Furman, who served as Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers under President Barack Obama
It’s hard to imagine a worse time for the U.S. government to decide to launch a massive student loan forgiveness program than right now.
J.D. Vance, the Trump-backed Republican nominee for Ohio’s U.S. Senate seat, called President Joe Biden’s student loan forgiveness scheme a “$300 billion elite giveaway on the backs of American workers” and hammered his opponent Rep. Tim Ryan for his “mealy-mouthed statement.”
On Wednesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “The Lead,” White House Senior Adviser for Public Engagement Keisha Lance Bottoms responded to concerns that President Joe Biden’s student loan debt program will result in working-class people paying for the loans of people making
Conservative leaders are fuming over President Joe Biden’s announcement that he will cancel some student loan debt, contending that the move “benefits coastal elites with Ivy League degrees and punishes working-class Americans.”
On Wednesday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “America Reports,” Sen. Tom Cotton (R-AR) stated that President Joe Biden’s student loan cancelation program “gives you an insight into the priorities of the Democratic Party. They’re, once again, looking out for
President Biden’s plan to cancel a portion of student loan debt has drawn mixed reactions from both far-leftists and conservatives across social media as some leftists contend it is not enough while others celebrate it as a victory for racial justice, and conservatives claim it will only benefit elites.
On Wednesday’s “CNN Newsroom,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) responded to a question on what she’d say to people who paid off their loan debt and now will have to bail out those that may make more than them by stating
President Joe Biden is announcing a federal bailout of student loans at a cost of $10,000 per borrower, amounting to at least $300 billion in the first year — vindicating warnings that President Barack Obama and Democrats ignored in 2009 and 2010.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
