Headline:
 Deputy 

Article Text:
 A sheriff’s deputy in Macomb County recently performed an incredible rescue when a 63-year-old man was in danger.
One Lake County, Florida, sheriff’s deputy was killed and two other deputies wounded while responding to a disturbance call on Friday evening.
An off-duty Cook County Sheriff’s deputy was killed just before 1:30 a.m. in a shootout during a robbery at a gas station in Chicago.
An after-action report acquired by the Associated Press and published in part alleges some of the deputies who responded to the October 25, 2023, Lewiston, Maine, shootings smelled of “intoxicants” and nearly crashed an armored vehicle.
The Tunnel to Towers Foundation has announced plans for a gift to the family of a fallen deputy in New York.
A 17-year-old girl allegedly gained control of a Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department (LASD) deputy’s gun Sunday night and committed suicide with it inside a police station.
A manhunt is underway for Terran Green in connection with the shooting of a Harris County Sheriff’s deputy during a traffic stop in Texas.
On Friday the Charleston County Sheriff’s Office released dashcam video of a felon allegedly shooting at sheriff’s deputies, striking one three times then dying after the deputy returned fire.
A firefighter took swift action when he realized another first responder’s life was in danger on Saturday in Florida.
A man was seriously injured and hospitalized after a zebra attacked him on Sunday afternoon in Circleville, Ohio.
A deputy died after falling ill while training last week, Indiana’s Vanderburgh County Sheriff’s Office announced Thursday.
Okaloosa County Sheriff’s deputy, Corporal Ray Hamilton, was shot and fatally wounded just before 3 p.m. Saturday while responding to a domestic violence call in Fort Walton Beach, Florida.
A previously deported illegal alien killed Pinellas County Sheriff’s Deputy Michael Hartwick in a hit-and-run Thursday, said Pinellas County Sheriff Bob Gualtieri.
Florida authorities are grateful for one of their own who recently performed a rescue that was caught on camera.
Heart racing dash camera footage and audio caught the moment a heroic deputy in Texas saved the life of an unresponsive four-year-old girl in the middle of a Dallas intersection. The incident occurred shortly before 1:00 p.m. on May 31
A sheriff’s deputy in Colorado put his life on the line recently to make sure others were safe from harm, according to officials.
San Diego Sheriff’s deputies and at least one San Diego Officer confronted a 47-year-old woman over an eviction notice and shot and killed her after she allegedly stabbed the officer with a knife.
A Texas deputy was airlifted to a hospital early Thursday after a good Samaritan found him unresponsive while suffering from a medical emergency in Hockley, northwest of Houston.
The San Diego County Sheriff’s Department has released body cam video of the moment a deputy was exposed to fentanyl during an arrest in July.
A deputy in Virginia is being hailed a hero for saving a woman who was pinned underneath an overturned vehicle.
Two citizens in Florida stepped in to aid a deputy when a suspect began attacking him during a recent traffic stop.
Dashcam video from a Carroll County, Georgia, law enforcement vehicle shows a suspect with an AK-47 open fire on a sheriff’s deputies.
A 23-year-old Tennessee woman accused of assaulting her girlfriend over an argument about chicken nuggets allegedly bit the deputy tasked with taking her to jail.
A Mississippi sheriff’s deputy died in a shootout with a suspect Monday afternoon, according to several reports.
A Florida deputy who had one shift left until his retirement was killed on the job after a man crashed into his police cruiser while fleeing law enforcement, officials said.
The Lee County, Florida, Sheriff’s Office deputized a four-month-old puppy named Gunner after he was saved from an alligator’s clutches by his owner last month.
A former California sheriff’s deputy was sentenced Wednesday after she pleaded guilty to having sex with a 16-year-old boy.
The King County Sheriff’s Office in Washington state honored five teens for saving the life of one of its deputies.
A California sheriff’s deputy sprung into action to save the life of an 11-month-old toddler who lost consciousness during a protest.
A Sumner County, Tennessee, sheriff’s deputy is thanking two women who bought him breakfast Tuesday morning at Cracker Barrel, but its the note these two black women left that is getting extra attention on social media.
A South Florida city commissioner is under fire over a video that shows him berating a sheriff’s deputy during an awards ceremony, claiming the deputy arrested him on false charges four years ago.
A San Bernardino, California, sheriff’s deputy narrowly escaped life-threatening injuries after an out-of-control man allegedly punched her, took her gun, and fired at her multiple times, according to a video.
A Florida sheriff’s office who adopted a dog found with its mouth taped shut in February decided to make the dog a part of the force.
Police say the deputy who died responding to the November 7 Thousand Oaks attack died from friendly fire.
Broward County deputy Scot Peterson says knowing what he knows now he would enter the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School “in a heartbeat” if he was there when a shooting occurred.
A police K9 helped a Florida deputy take down a suspect who was leading them on a high-speed chase, according to dramatic body camera footage.
“You don’t know until you test it but, I really believe I’d run in there, even if I didn’t have a weapon, and I think most of the people in this room would have done that too,” Trump said.
The sheriff’s deputy who was on duty at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School but failed to go in and confront the gunman has resigned to avoid being suspended.
A Florida man found walking on a highway naked attacked a sheriff’s car and urinated on it, police say.
Reports indicate two members of law enforcement were killed Monday during an attack at Berrien County Courthouse in St. Joseph, Michigan.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
