Headline:
 late-term abortion 

Article Text:
 A Colorado clinic infamous for late-term abortions has shuttered after 50 years of being open.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. said during his confirmation hearing that he will support Trump’s pro-life policies and study the safety of the abortion pill.
Harris made abortion the center of her campaign — a move that did not end up galvanizing enough voters to deliver her a victory.
Maryland is already one of nine states as well as Washington, DC, that have no restrictions on abortion, meaning babies can be legally aborted throughout pregnancy.
Colorado is already one of nine states as well as Washington, DC, that has no restrictions on abortion, meaning unborn babies can be legally aborted throughout pregnancy.
Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz (D) appeared to deny that sweeping abortion legislation he signed in 2023 allows abortions in the ninth month of pregnancy.
Nearly half of Democrats say they want abortion to be legal through all nine months of pregnancy in the U.S., a new YouGov poll found.
Left-leaning media often downplay abortions performed late in pregnancy and babies who are born alive in botched abortions, sometimes by outright denial.
During the presidential debate on Tuesday night, Democratic presidential nominee Kamala Harris dodged the question of whether or not she supports aborting babies in the last few months of pregnancy — often when they can survive outside of the womb.
The Democratic National Convention (DNC) video feed captured an ironic, yet devastating, moment at the DNC on Thursday night, as Vice President Kamala Harris proclaimed she would “proudly sign” a bill as president making abortion-on-demand the law of the land.
The Democratic National Convention on Monday night featured several women with tragic pregnancy stories in order to push the party’s abortion-on-demand agenda.
Trump called out Democrats, including Kamala Harris and her running mate, Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz (D), for being abortion extremists.
Fifteen states are threatening to sue Maine over the state’s radical transgender protection bill allowing children to be trafficked there.
The D.C. Medical Examiner halted its plans to destroy the bodies of five late-term aborted babies, according to the ACLJ.
The DC Medical Examiner is expected to destroy the remains of five late-term aborted babies whom activists believe may have been partially aborted or killed after birth in violation of federal law, an attorney representing pro-life activist Lauren Handy told Breitbart News.
As Ohioans vote on a ballot amendment that could enshrine the supposed “right” to abortion in the state constitution, left-wing activists pushing the amendment still refuse to clarify the broad language of the measure and what it could mean for parental rights and late-term abortions in Ohio.
A Nebraska mother who aided in her daughter’s third trimester chemical abortion and helped burn and bury the baby’s remains was sentenced on Friday to two years in prison.
Vice President Kamala Harris refused to answer whether or not she supports any gestational limits on abortion during an interview with CBS News’s Face the Nation on Sunday.
One of the nation’s most influential medical organizations wrote an op-ed in The Washington Post calling for abortion with no restrictions.
Several Democrat-run states have no limits on abortion, and Democrats have supported legislation that would allow abortion through all nine months of pregnancy.
Pro-abortion groups have begun the push for a ballot measure in Arizona ahead of next year’s election that would enshrine the right to abortion into the state constitution.
Left-wing pro-life activists allegedly discovered the remains of approximately 115 aborted babies in Washington, D.C., on March 25, 2022, five of whom they say might have been partially aborted or killed after birth in violation of federal law.
The Maine Legislature passed a bill on Thursday that would allow abortions at any time during pregnancy if deemed “necessary” by a doctor.
Maine state Senate Democrats blocked a proposed amendment on Tuesday to a late-term abortion bill that would have placed a four-year moratorium on the trafficking of fetal remains left over from late-term abortions.
Former President Donald Trump is set to tell attendees of the Faith and Freedom Coalition’s Road to a Majority Policy Conference that he aims to end late-term abortion if elected president.
On Friday’s broadcast of “CNN News Central,” Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz (D) defended rejecting Republican amendments on late-term abortion to abortion legislation by stating that late-term abortion is “a strawman. It doesn’t happen,” late-term abortion is an “incredible rarity”, and that
Minnesota Democrat Gov. Tim Walz signed a bill on Tuesday which enshrines the “right” to  abortion without limits.
Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz (D) is expected to sign a bill which will enshrine the “right” to an abortion without limits.
Doctors said the woman was pregnant with a healthy 38-week old baby boy at her time of death, the report states.
Abortion groups utilized arguments about personal freedom to convince many moderate voters to turn against pro-life measures.
The activists unfurled a banner warning against a ballot initiative they say could lead to abortion through all nine months of pregnancy.
Californians will decide in less than two weeks whether to codify the “right” to abortion up to birth in the state’s Constitution.
A ban on protesting around abortion clinics in England and Wales was backed this week by MPs, despite commanding majority of Conservatives.
Iowa Republican Gov. Kim Reynolds slammed Democrat challenger Deidre DeJear during Monday night’s debate for supporting abortion until birth.
On Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe,” Democratic North Carolina U.S. Senate candidate and former North Carolina State Supreme Court Chief Justice Cheri Beasley responded to a question on whether she thinks abortion should be illegal in any circumstances by
As soon as news leaked that Supreme Court could overturn Roe v. Wade, Democrats starting working at making abortion a midterm issue.
Pro-life OB/GYNs released polling showing that most U.S. voters oppose Roe v. Wade and other radical abortion measures when properly informed.
New Mexico Democrat Gov. Michelle Lujan Grisham, the chairwoman of the national Democrat gubernatorial group the Democrat Governors Association (DGA) and a vulnerable Democrat up for reelection this year, is singing two different tunes when it comes to radical late-term abortions in her state, depending on the audience.
More Americans actually believe states should decide abortion laws and some would support a national ban, a new poll found.
House Republican Conference Vice Chair Mike Johnson (R-LA) is an “idiot” for opposing the late-term abortion of a child only “seconds away” from birth, according to MSNBC’s Katie Phang, who heaped praise upon an Alabama abortion provider who avoided the congressman’s questioning during a tense hearing on access to the medical procedure this week.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
