Headline:
 Late Night 

Article Text:
 At the one-month mark into Donald Trump’s second term, a survey shows that late-night comedians have blasted Trump nine times more than they joked about Joe Biden at the same point in his presidency.
Late-night comedy hosts including  Stephen Colbert and Jimmy Kimmel spent 2024 repeatedly bashing now President-elect Donald Trump — and experienced another bad year as their cultural relevance and viewership continue to crash.
Something else drove those ratings down, and we all know what it is.
A late-night game show produced by far-left Stephen Colbert targets conservatives with 68 percent of its political jokes.
James Corden’s Late Late Show was losing millions, proving the ongoing suicide of divisive, toxic left-wing late-night television is inevitable.
In the Late Night ratings wars, Disney’s left-wing Jimmy Kimmel is now losing to TWO Fox News programs.
Late-night TV is all about leftism now, and leftists obviously do not support women or minorities.
In a sign of their declining popularity, late-night comedians Jimmy Kimmel, Stephen Colbert, and Jimmy Fallon have seen their ratings plummet for more than four months straight, as viewers in the coveted 18-49 year old demographic are tuning out consistently compared to last year, according to data reviewed by Breitbart News.
Left-wing comedian Bill Maher on Friday acknowledged the success of “Gutfeld!” host Greg Gutfeld for achieving something unique in the world of conservative comedy, as the show beat out left-wing late-night shows dominated by liberal hosts, earning Gutfeld the title as the “king of late-night.”
The far-left, late-night talk shows are suffering some serious ratings losses, which probably has more than a little to do with President Trump leaving office.
Tuesday on NBC’s “Late Night,” former Rep. Beto O’Rourke (D-TX), a candidate for the 2020 Democratic presidential nomination, argued that given many Americans view immigration as a problem in some respects, it was the “best possible problem” for the country.
Jimmy Fallon joins fellow late-night hosts Trevor Noah, Seth Meyers, and Stephen Colbert going live after the Democrats’ first round of debates this week.
This weekend’s box office was an all-around disappointment for several Hollywood studios as two sequels, and a “woke” comedy all found lower than expected debuts with Men in Black: International, Shaft, and Late Night coming nowhere near expected ticket sales.
What do all these flops have in common? An insufferable air of self-importance, a suffocating sense of sanctimony and smug.
With the 2020 presidential election around the corner, MSNBC host Rachel Maddow cautioned Democrats against remaining focused on President Donald Trump’s impeachment. “Late Night” host Seth Myers asked Maddow Tuesday if impeachment is a “fool’s errand.” Maddow replied that Democrats are
The Secret Life of Pets 2 topped the latest superhero flick, Dark Phoenix, at the weekend’s box office. But no one is popping any Champaign corks since both seriously underperformed.
Late-night talk show hosts expressed both anxiety and excitement ahead of Tuesday’s midterm elections, as Democrat’s hope to take back control of both Houses of Congress with the aim of derailing President Donald Trump’s agenda. On CBS’ The Late Show, Stephen
Now that the Brett Kavanaugh news cycle has all but wrapped up, CNN has returned to form and started talking about President Donald Trump’s penis again. CNN host Don Lemon hosted Stormy Daniels on Monday to talk more about her
Late Show host Stephen Colbert ripped President Donald Trump’s threat to take away certain individuals security clearances on Tuesday, describing him as a “racist, horny old burger-goblin who steals children from poor people.”
ABC’s hit sitcom Roseanne was ripped as a “racist” show over its Muslim neighbors episode by Late Night With Seth Meyers writer Amber Ruffin on this week’s show.
Jimmy Kimmel issued a sarcasm-laden statement on Sunday saying that while his war of words with Fox News host Sean Hannity was “fun,” he’s sorry for offending LGBT people, not for mocking Melania Trump accent.
A petition to boycott ABC’s late-night funnyman Jimmy Kimmel has reached more than 50,000 signatures after the Live host dedicated a segment of his show on Monday to mock First Lady Melania Trump and her accent.
Seriously triggered after Sean Hannity called him an “ass clown” for mocking First Lady Melania Trump’s accent, Jimmy Kimmel responded Thursday night by jumping all over Hannity’s “erection.”
Veteran late-night host Jay Leno stepped in for ‘Tonight Show’ host Jimmy Fallon on Wednesday night and delivered sexual harassment-heavy monologue that took aim at disgraced actor Kevin Spacey, ousted newsmen Matt Lauer and Charlie Rose, and former President Bill Clinton and President Donald Trump.
Former late-night icon Jay Leno says today’s crop of late-night television personalities have turned the formerly escapist form of entertainment into a constant, “depressing” drumbeat of criticism against President Donald Trump.
Monday on NBC’s “Late Night with Seth Meyers,” Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) argued that while the investigation into allegations of Russian interference in 2016 presidential election was important, it was also important to not lose track of what he called
Jimmy Fallon is adamant about not turning The Tonight Show into yet another all-Trump-bashing-all-the-time late-night program.
Former late-night host David Letterman took aim at President Donald Trump and the members of his administration in a lengthy interview with New York magazine this week, explaining that he’d still love to interview the real estate mogul-turned-president one final time.
Late Night host Stephen Colbert ripped Donald Trump in a lengthy live monologue Wednesday night following the third presidential debate.
Comedian Lewis Black held nothing back while discussing the 2016 presidential election on Late Night with Seth Meyers this week.
Amid the hoopla surrounding Hillary Clinton’s appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live and a certain pickle jar, it may be instructive to recall that, as Breitbart News first reported, a draft media policy memo requested by Clinton recommended that she utilize “specialty media,” including late night shows, to get across her messages and help shape opinions.
Late Night host Seth Meyers used Monday night’s monologue to hurl epithets at Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, calling the real estate magnate a “f–king clown.”
During the Monday premiere of her new TBS late night show Full Frontal with Samantha Bee, the former Daily Show correspondent launched an all-out assault against Republicans, and described the party’s nominees as “a banquet of all-you-can-eat crazy.”
According to a survey conducted by The Hollywood Reporter, The Late Show with Stephen Colbert has slipped to third place in late night, and its host’s liberal political leanings could be alienating scores of potential viewers.
Former late-night funnyman Jay Leno thinks Stephen Colbert will be “really good” when he takes over hosting duties from David Letterman on CBS’ Late Show this fall – but he’d still like to see more diversity across the late-night TV landscape.
Jerry Seinfeld made his first appearance on Late Night with Seth Meyers Tuesday night, but made clear that the show’s producers had worn him down by hounding him into coming on the program.
This video from Gawker shows some lowlights from David Letterman’s interviews on Late Night with female celebrities.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
