Headline:
 Maggie Haberman 

Article Text:
 CNN political analyst Maggie Haberman said Tuesday on “Anderson Cooper 360” that President-elect Donald Trump is “clearly in an expansionist mindset” while discussing a desire to acquire Greenland from Denmark or seize the Panama Canal during his press conference.
CNN commentator and New York Times reporter Maggie Haberman said Friday on CNN’s “The Source” that former President Donald Trump was “on edge” after two assassination attempts.
New York Times senior political correspondent Maggie Haberman said Tuesday on CNN’s “Anderson Cooper 360” that she believes former President Donald Trump is struggling to find a way to attack his opponent President Kamala Harris. Haberman said, “She is a
New York Times reporter Maggie Haberman said Monday on CNN’s “The Source” that former President Donald Trump gave her a “pretty specific stare” in court after she reported that the former president fell asleep during his New York trial.
New York Times reporter Maggie Haberman claimed that Donald Trump appeared to “doze off” during his hush money criminal trial.
Apple TV has changed its mind about adapting fake-journalist Maggie Haberman’s Trump biography into a failed series.
“Trump is addicted to the spotlight,” Bill O’Reilly, author and broadcaster, said on Friday. “He has to have it, and that’s hurt him.”
Former Secretary of State and Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton’s 2016 presidential campaign staffers were so paranoid they actually thought the Russians would poison her via a handshake with her opposing candidate for president, Donald Trump, at one of their debates, a forthcoming book reveals.
Republican Ohio Senate candidate J.D. Vance told Breitbart News Saturday that the New York Times outright lied on Saturday after publishing a “completely false” piece that baselessly asserts that Vance and other GOP candidates are not “thrilled” to rally with former President Donald Trump.
CNN anchor Jake Tapper asked about New York Times reporter Maggie Haberman’s new book claiming that Trump planned to stay at the White House after the election.
Axios.com reported Monday that photos exist of ripped-up notes allegedly found in a White House toilet that staff believed were disposed of by then-President Donald Trump.
Former Gov. John Kasich (R-OH) said Thursday on CNN’s “The Situation Room” that the House Select Committee investigating the riot on January 6, 2021 at the U.S. Capitol was important because it is getting to the bottom of “one of the darkest moments in our history.”
Former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said on Tuesday’s edition of SiriusXM’s Breitbart News Daily with host Alex Marlow that left-wing news media are trying to sow discord between him and former President Donald Trump.
Former President Trump continues to feed establishment media members by granting 22 interviews for 17 separate books.
Former House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) said Thursday on CNN’s “Newsroom” that there would not be another incident like the Capitol riot on January 6 given former President Donald Trump has lost support since that event.
On Monday’s broadcast of CNN’s “New Day,” CNN Political Analyst and New York Times Washington Correspondent Maggie Haberman stated that “there was a Twitter groupthink” on the origins of COVID-19 and “a number of journalists who declined to ask questions,” but “when
Monday on CNN’s “New Day,” New York Times White House reporter Maggie Haberman weighed in on the mounting evidence that suggests COVID-19 originated at the Wuhan Institute of Virology.
New York Times correspondent Maggie Haberman said Monday on CNN’s “New Day” that Gov. Andrew Cuomo’s (D-NY) apology after a second former aide accuse him of sexual harassment was “breathtaking.”
Former President Trump blasted the Democrat Party on Sunday for endangering women’s sports by allowing transgender athletes to compete against biological women. Trump emphasized that “we must protect the integrity of women’s sports”: https://twitter.com/StokieDrew/status/1366163381292523523?s=20 Trump’s call to protect women’s health
Haberman, who’s infamous for using the Times to publish all her fanfic for unmarried white women over 40, and Peter Baker, sought to deliberately mislead their readers with some horseshit about how President Trump stood in front of a green screen to record one of the videos he’s released since his return from Walter Reed this week.
Even Snopes is being, as one might expect, a bit dishonest here. This is not a “mostly false”; it’s a full-blown “false.”
CNN’s Maggie Haberman has so lost her humanity by way of partisan rage and frustration, she criticized President Trump on Tuesday for seeking a “quick fix” for the coronavirus pandemic.
Tuesday on CNN’s “New Day,” New York Times reporter Maggie Haberman weighed in on the notion President Donald Trump may have a personal connection to anti-malaria drug hydroxychloroquine to treat COVID-19 because he has been pushing people to use it.
The collapse of the Russian and Ukrainian impeachment hoaxes has left a huge void to fill in the left’s ceaseless war on the will of the American voter.
There were no shortage of reactions on social media Sunday as President Trump led the field on a pace lap in the presidential limo, aka “The Beast.”
The New York Times is basically a print edition of CNN — a joke, a punchline, where every “bombshell” it drops, you only have to wait a few days before it’s exposed as fake news.
President Donald Trump once again said he is leaning toward pardoning former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich (D).
Joaquin Castro “doxxed” Trump donors; few in the media complained when Obama’s re-election campaign did the same to several donors to Mitt Romney in 2012.
Robert Barnes told Breitbart News on Monday that he and his legal team are suing Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA), Rep. Deb Haaland (D-NM), Reza Aslan, Matthew Dowd, Kathy Griffin, Maggie Haberman, Ana Navarro, and other news media figures for defamation on behalf of eight students from Covington, KY.
Freshman Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) on Sunday criticized the New York Times for its coverage of former Trump White House communications director Hope Hicks, accusing the paper of framing her decision to comply with a congressional subpoena as a “Lifetime drama.”
How could a New York Times reporter be this  ignorant, this reactionary and not even bother to Google the facts prior to tweeting out something that has only made her a bigger national joke than she already is?
Stuyvesant High School, New York City’s most prestigious secondary school, only admitted seven black students for the upcoming fall term. Asian students make up 73 percent of the student body.
New York Times reporter Maggie Haberman weighed in Tuesday on CNN’s “New Day” on President Donald Trump’s tweets over the weekend, some of which went after deceased Sen. John McCain (R-AZ). Haberman noted that Trump wins by “shocking people” with
One thing you can take to the bank is when Maggie Haberman plays ventriloquist to get a message out for Team Clinton.
Lawyers representing Covington Catholic student Nick Sandmann have announced the preparation of letters to address the slander of the student.
President Donald Trump continues to lavish attention on the New York Times, in an effort to win more positive coverage from his hometown paper.
The Covington High School students have earned the support of an attorney who has threatened to sue New York Times reporter Maggie Haberman for the “obvious libel” of her accusations against them.
We are only three weeks into 2019, a mere 22 days, and already the establishment media have hit us with four massive hoaxes, four flaming piles of fake news.
Times “reporters” Maggie Haberman and Ken Vogel are dishonest enough on their own, but put these two leftists together, and you are almost certain to get a heapin’ helping of Very Fake News.
Friday on CNN’s “New Day,” New York Times reporter Maggie Haberman discussed Secretary of Defense James Mattis’ resignation set for February, calling it an “astonishing rebuke of Trumpism” because he differed with President Donald Trump’s foreign policy. Haberman praised Mattis’




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
