Headline:
 Pharrell Williams 

Article Text:
 The brightest stars in Hollywood, music, sports and fashion hit the red carpet Monday for the Met Gala, the extravagant Manhattan fundraiser that this year spotlights the subversive style of Black dandyism.
Pop superstar Pharrell Williams has had enough of his fellow Hollywood stars lecturing ordinary Americans on how they should vote, saying celebrities need to “shut up” about their political opinions.
Singer Keli has accused Beyoncé and The Neptunes of not seeking permission to sample her 1999 song “Get Along with You.”
Pop star Pharrell Williams reportedly used Martin Luther King Day to urge corporations to embrace “equity” by encouraging them to make investments based on skin color — a notion that is antithetical to Dr. King’s legacy.
Carbon emissions-pumping Hollywood celebrities, many of whom own multiple houses and routinely fly around on private jets, celebrated Earth Day on Thursday, with yoga, tree-hugging, pop superstar Cher encouraging Americans to love it “tenderly” like a “baby” or a “puppy,” and actor-comedian Jim Gaffigan assisting his audience in harvesting “healthy and voluptuous corn.”
Grammy-winner, “Despicable Me” music producer, and actor Pharrell Williams is calling for an official investigation into the police-involved shooting of his cousin, who died in Virginia Beach last month.
On Monday, pop star Pharrell Williams mourned the death of his cousin, Donovon W. Lynch, who was shot Friday by police in Virginia Beach after they responded to a gun battle in the streets.
Pop star Pharrell Williams has announced the release of an online “Masterclass” which will see the “Happy” crooner “examining issues of social injustice and systemic racism offering education and inspiration on ways to impact change.”
Millionaire music producer Pharrell Williams edited Time Magazine’s New American Revolution cover and wrote an op-ed for the magazine, in which he insists “America’s past and present are racist.”
Monday on CNBC, Grammy award-winning musician Pharrell Williams discussed his effort to get Juneteenth declared a national holiday, which he argued should also be a paid holiday.
Virginia Beach native and Grammy-winning pop superstar Pharrell Williams has teamed with Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam to announce the official declaration of June 19, “Juneteenth,” as a state holiday.
Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam (D) on Tuesday said that he will propose making Juneteenth — a cultural holiday commemorating the emancipation of enslaved black people in the United States— a paid holiday in the commonwealth.
Super-producer Pharrell Williams says he’s changed his mind and is apologizing for the “chauvinist” masculinity and sexism in his hit 2013 song “Blurred Lines.”
Pharrell Williams’ appearance at a fundraiser for the Israel Defence Forces (IDF) has drawn unsparing criticism on social media.
Neil Young is reiterating his disapproval of President Trump playing his music at his campaign rallies, writing in a statement that one of his popular songs was featured at a political appearance against his “wishes.”
Attorneys for Grammy Award-winning singer Rihanna fired off a cease-and-desist letter to President Donald Trump after her music was reportedly played during a rally held by the Commander-in-Chief over the weekend.
Pop star Rihanna said Sunday that she will move to prevent her songs from being played at future Trump rallies.
Hip-hop super-producer Pharrell Williams sent a legal threat to President Donald Trump for playing his hit song “Happy” at a campaign rally on Saturday evening.
Musician Pharrell Williams has been accused of cultural appropriation over his new Hindu-inspired collaboration with apparel-maker Adidas.
Pharrell Williams has issued the starkest celebrity warning yet on the perils of climate change by flying to China and burying his new record in a vault where it will remain hidden for 100 years.
The cast members of Star Trek Discovery were slammed by social media users Sunday after a photo of the CBS show’s stars taking a knee went viral online.
Music super-producer Pharrell Williams joined in with the NFL players who boycotted the national anthem on Sunday, by taking a knee during the Charlottesville unity concert.
Music super-producer Pharrell Williams delivered a political speech Monday at VH1’s 2017 Hip Hop Honors: The ’90s Game Changers, urging viewers to “open your eyes” to the racial unrest in America.
Christians brutalized at the hands of Muslims in the Middle East are a minority seemingly ignored by the elite cultural left.
Music super-producer and singer Pharrell Williams has become Chanel’s first-ever male handbag model.
Music producer Pharrell Williams bashed Donald Trump at an industry conference on Tuesday and said his defeat in the upcoming presidential election would be “easy” if every woman in America voted to elect Hillary Clinton.
Hollywood trade publication Variety will host its first conference on diversity and inclusion in the entertainment industry in November, the outlet announced Monday.
Pharrell Williams has defied critics from the anti-Israel Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement and announced a one-off concert for Tel Aviv this summer.
Music’s biggest names joined a number of Hollywood stars and athletes for a concert about the state of race relations in America.
Pharrell Williams dedicated his song “Freedom” to refugees fleeing to Europe, hailing immigrants’ contributions around the world.
According to the Hollywood Reporter, fame-deprived Pharrell Williams – who performed his best work as part of the funk-rap band No One Ever Really Dies (N.E.R.D) – used his platform at MTV’s European Music Awards (EMAs) in Milan last night
Bruce Springsteen, Pharrell Williams, Sting, and other artists will team up to present a 2-hour television special called Shining a Light: A Concert for Progress on Race in America on November 20.
Rapper T.I. says both the country and the world are not ready for a female president – and so he won’t be casting his vote for Democrat frontrunner Hillary Clinton.
Music figure Pharrell Williams stopped by The Ellen DeGeneres Show Monday, where he endorsed Hillary Clinton’s 2016 presidential bid.
Pharrell Williams will be greeted by 40,000 anti-Israel extremists protesting his performance Monday night in Cape Town.
The son of late R&B legend Marvin Gaye is reportedly planning to file a lawsuit against the creators of the Fox mega-hit television series Empire, claiming they stole his idea for the show.
Former The Voice contestant and beloved Philadelphia street performer Anthony Riley was found dead on Friday of a suspected suicide. He was 28.
Pop star artist/producer Pharrell Williams took to the podium of the UN General Assembly Friday to address 1,200 middle-schoolers about the importance of climate change as part of this year’s International Day of Happiness.
Pharrell Williams has partnered up with the United Nations for the third annual International Day of Happiness this Friday, March 20. The organization’s “Happy” day will place “an emphasis on reaching out to young people and engaging them on the issue
Just days after a California court ordered Pharrell Williams to pay Marvin Gaye’s estate millions of dollars for copyright infringement, the artist could find himself in the midst of another unhappy legal drama. A Los Angeles jury awarded Marvin Gaye’s




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
