Headline:
 Saul Alinsky 

Article Text:
 Democrat vice-presidential nominee Tim Walz’s political journey is rooted in his involvement with a progressive training camp inspired by the radical vision of Paul Wellstone, a professor-turned-politician with close ties to the Democratic Socialists of America and strong influences from Marxist figures and extreme far-left ideologies.
A thug threatened to cut the throat of free speech campaigner and journalist Toby Young  over his scepticism on government lockdown policy.
Virgil conducts an imaginative interview with Saul Alinsky, questioning Alinsky on each of his 13 ‘Rules for Radicals.’
The following is an exclusive excerpt from Sebastian Gorka’s new book, The War for America’s Soul: Donald Trump, the Left’s Assault on America, and How We Take Back Our Country, available from Regnery.
Columnist Michelle Malkin says the Catholic Church is upset with her over her latest book, Open Borders, Inc: Who’s Funding America’s Destruction?, despite church officials not having read it yet.
If there’s one lesson above all to be learned from the populist revolutions now sweeping away the old liberal-leftist elites it’s that you must never, ever, EVER back down when the left tries to smear you as racist / misogynist / homophobic / Islamophobic / transphobic / sexist or whatever.
A new teachers group in Tennessee affiliated with the #RedforEd movement is threatening a strike, even though teachers strikes have been illegal in the Volunteer State since 1978.
Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation,” Speaker of the House Paul Ryan (R-WI) said he believed conservatives have embraced “tribal identity politics,” in the style of leftist community organizer Saul Alinsky. Host John Dickerson asked, “You’ve seen some President Trump’s
Filmmaker and conservative author Dinesh D’Souza explained the “gangsterization of American politics,” using his own conviction under Obama and his pardon under Trump in a speech to Road to Majority conference attendees in Washington, DC, on Saturday.
Los Angeles Times columnist Robin Abcarian wants conservatives to “stop using Bill Clinton to hammer on liberals,” arguing that “Sexual harassment is a man problem, not a partisan one.”
How funny is Lisa De Pasquale’s new Social Justice Warrior Handbook? So funny that I felt compelled to share a few pages with a guy I had just met at breakfast at a recent conservative gathering.
HOUSTON, Texas — Communists, Democratic Socialists, Brown Berets, anarchists, Black Lives Matter, and other supporters of the “Destroy the Confederacy!” movement marched in the sweltering 99-degree heat in Houston on Saturday to demand that city officials tear down the “Spirit
As President Donald Trump plans a slew of policies that could dismantle key parts of Barack Obama’s presidential legacy, the former president seems to be returning to his roots as a Saul Alinsky-style radical community organizer. This time Obama and
President Trump has used the struggles of the American Health Care Act to improve his leverage to prepare a better Obamacare replacement.
Obama and the Democrats are not only using the same old Alinskyite tactics, but amplifying them through the media, who will never forgive President Donald Trump for winning the election.
Deputy Assistant to the President Dr. Sebastian Gorka, formerly National Security editor for Breitbart News, addressed the controversy over National Security Adviser Mike Flynn’s pre-inauguration phone calls to Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak on Monday’s Breitbart News Daily.
On Friday, Tom Van Flein, chief of staff to Rep. Paul Gosar (R-AZ) and one-time legal counsel to former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin, discussed with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam the recent effort to overhaul the House ethics system.
Hillary Clinton has a new target in her campaign against Donald Trump: Breitbart News. Her goal is not just to use Breitbart as a political foil, but to shut the site down entirely.
Monday on Fox News Channel’s “The O’Reilly Factor,” host Bill O’Reilly offered his take on the press and its treatment of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. O’Reilly argued the tactics Trump used to win the GOP nomination were now being
Anita MonCrief may be best known as the ACORN whistleblower, but now hopes to add a new title to her resume, director. She launched a crowdfunding campaign where she hopes to get “Phase 1” of her project, The Children of Alinsky, funded.
A little while back, I argued that Marco Rubio’s tactics in attacking Ted Cruz’s Senate record on immigration and national defense, among other things, were Alinskyite.
Feminist provocateur Camille Paglia says Hillary Clinton’s adoption of a “blame-men-first” brand of feminism that “defines women as perpetual victims” who need protection and salvation from the government could be costly to her campaign.
The leader of the black pastors organization that was born during the Civil Rights Movement led by Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. says the radical Black Lives Matter movement has failed to educate its members about the “real” Civil Rights Movement and is spewing a “twisted view of Christianity.”
“It is ironic that we are about to remember 9/11, both in 2001, and in 2012 with Benghazi on the day the Iran nuclear resolution is being considered by Congress,” former Florida congressman Allen B. West said in an exclusive interview with Breitbart Texas. West also called the refugee migration from the middle east “a huge danger.” West, a black American, also called this a “time of division” that is “part of a premeditated plan over the last 6 ½-7 years.” He said the Black Lives Matter movement is part of that plan for division.
Never in my lifetime, did I believe I would witness our great country being taken down and withdrawn from our world leadership role by our own administration.  The latest example is the flawed agreement with Iran on their nuclear weapons
#F***YoFlag movement supporters allegedly told a veteran who infiltrated their publicly posted conference call, “We are going to rape and gut your pregnant wife, and your f***ing piece of sh*t unborn creature will be hung from a tree.”
The recent conference held in Cleveland by the Black Lives Matter movement featured a host of classes on community organizing for attendees.
The strategy of abortion “storytelling” – a tactic borrowed from LGBT activists – is that a person who has had an abortion talks about it openly and positively in order to elicit the empathy of listeners who might then be persuaded that abortion is normal and a good thing for women. Only the institutional left would come up with a strategy that aims to make abortion sound like a normal part of life.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
