Headline:
 Byron Donalds Blasts ABC News’ George Stephanopoulos For His Meltdown On Live TV 

Article Text:
 Rep. Byron Donalds (R-FL) slammed ABC News host George Stephanopoulos, who was the Press Secretary for President Bill Clinton (D), during an interview over the weekend after Stephanopoulos yelled at and scolded Donalds for responding to his questions about former President Donald Trump’s remarks on Vice President Kamala Harris’ race.
Donalds made the remarks during a Sunday interview on “This Week” when asked about Trump’s remarks last week about Harris’ racial identity.
Donalds said that the entire ordeal was a “phony controversy” that most people do not care about but added that in the past, even publications like the Associated Press had referred to Harris in headlines the “first Indian-American US Senator.”
“It doesn’t really matter. The president mentioned it,” Donalds said. “What he also talks about far more frequently is the fact that Kamala Harris is the person who created this massive inflation which is destroying black families, white families, Hispanic families. It’s her failure as border czar that has left our southern border wide open. More than 10 million illegal immigrants coming into our country. Record fentanyl coming into our country which has killed more Americans than at any other point in the history of our country with respect specifically to fentanyl.”
Stephanopoulos fired back at Donalds and accused him of having “just repeated the slur again” and demanded to know why Donalds was questioning Harris’ racial identity.
“Well, George, first of all, this is something that’s actually a conversation throughout social media right now,” Donalds said. “There were a lot of people who were trying to figure this out. But again, that’s a side issue, not the main issue.”
Stephanopoulos exploded at that point, yelling on live television: “You just did it — you just did it again. Why do you — why do you insist on questioning her racial identity?”
He demanded that Donalds answer his question, to which Donalds responded: “George, now that you’re done yelling at me, let me answer. He talked about it on the stage yesterday in Atlanta for, what, two minutes? He spent more than 35, 40 minutes going after her record, talking about how radical of a senator that she was. She was the most liberal senator in the United States Senate. That is a fact. He talked about the job that she did as vice president of the United States. A job, I will add, which has been a failure for the American people. I know you guys like to glom on to this, that he talks about in jest or in a serious manner for about a minute or so. What you do not cover is the litany of failures of Kamala Harris. That’s what you’re not covering, George.”
“So questioning somebody’s racial identity for a couple of minutes is OK?” Stephanopoulos asked.
Donalds again noted that prior mainstream media coverage, like the AP headline, is what started the entire conversation to begin with.
“I mean, George, we could have this conversation for the entire segment, but none of this matters to the American people,” he said. “What matters to the American people is, are we going to have the same policies of the Biden-Harris administration that has been destructive of the American people? Or are we going to have the policies of the Trump administration which put America first, had low inflation, prosperous Americans no matter your race, no matter your color, no matter your creed, and a foreign policy that kept America safe?”
“Those are the facts that truly matter because this issue is going to come and go, the lives of the American people is what’s going to remain and that’s what matters more than anything else,” he added.
Stephanopoulos then accused Donalds of repeating it the issue, even though it was Stephanopoulos who had first brought up the matter and then repeatedly hounded Donalds over it.
“George, actually, I’m not the one who keeps repeating it,” Donalds responded. “George, you’re the one that’s bringing it up now.”
“Sir, you’ve done it — you’ve done it three times, every single answer you gave me,” Stephanopoulos claimed. “Every single answer you gave, you repeated the slur.”
Donalds responded: “George, you asked me the question three times.”
WATCH:

Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
