Headline:
 Chelsea Clinton 

Article Text:
 An “excited” Jill Biden took it upon herself to announce Monday night the Pentagon is committing more than $500 million annually for research into women’s health.
Guest host Chelsea Clinton said Thursday on ABC’s “The View” that former President Donald Trump was “scared” of Vice President Kamala Harris after their debate.
Chelsea Clinton is aspiring to take up an ambassadorship if Kamala Harris claims the presidency come November, sources confided to the New York Post, with the UK seen as the first choice in her diplomatic ambitions.
As executive producers of some dumb documentary that no one saw, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton will be handed Emmy Awards they did not earn.
World Bank President Ajay Banga and the Bahamas’ Prime Minister Philip E. Davis will be there. So too Hollywood stars Jose Andres, Orlando Bloom, and Matt Damon. Those are just some of the people who have put their hands up to attend the Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) 2023 next month in New York City.
Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton faced accusations of pushing “pornography” for schoolchildren after she came out against “bans” of sexually explicit pro-LGBTQ materials in schools nationwide.
An alleged serial pooper reportedly dropped a fat, smelly turd in the aisle near where former presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was sitting alongside her daughter at the Shubert Theater in New York as they were watching a performance of Some Like it Hot.
The latest edition of Chelsea Clinton’s She Persisted book series is pushing “transgender” ideology on children by propping up Assistant Secretary for Health Dr. Rachel Levine — a man — as a woman.
Hillary Clinton will give the American public a taste of her vocal abilities when she performs Gloria Gaynor’s “I Will Survive” and Katy Perry’s “Roar” in a new episode of Apple TV+’s “Carpool Karaoke,” joining her daughter Chelsea in a group rendition with stars Vanessa Williams and Amber Ruffin.
Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton during an appearance on Friday’s broadcast of ABC’s “The View,” said Fox News host Tucker Carlson and “a lot of white men” also traffic antisemitism when asked about rapper Kanye West comments.
Former President Bill Clinton did his part to propagate Democrat messaging for the midterm elections at an event Saturday with Tom Hanks, telling the audience that democracy is fragile and must be saved.
Former U.S. President Bill Clinton sees a troubled world on fire with strife and tensions and is convinced he has just the means to save it.
Former First Lady and twice failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and her daughter Chelsea Clinton bizarrely praise the song “WAP (Wet Ass Pussy)” by rappers Cardi B and Megan Thee Stallion in a viral video clip from their new Apple TV+ series, Gutsy.
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union” that Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) was the “gutsiest woman in politics right now.”
Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton during an appearance on Wednesday’s broadcast of ABC’s “The View,” accused former President Donald Trump of having “mainlined hate in our country.”
Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton admitted to removing rapper Kanye West from her playlist in support of his ex-wife Kim Kardashian.
Hillary Clinton’s new Apple TV+ docuseries Gutsy is dedicated to spotlighting “gutsy” women who are leaders in their respective fields. But some of the “women” the show celebrates aren’t women — one is a biological male who performs as a drag queen, while another is transgender.
July 14 (UPI) — Hillary Clinton and her daughter, Chelsea Clinton, will launch their own Apple TV+ docuseries in September.
Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton said Friday on ABC’s “The View” that President Joe Biden cares deeply about the American people, which she said is “an important thing to acknowledge” after his predecessor, former President Donald Trump.
Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton said Friday on ABC’s “The View” that the Republican Party was the party of “white supremacists.”
Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton said Wednesday on ABC’s “The View” that her reaction to President Joe Biden’s first State of the Union Address was to thank God for his pride in America.
Chelsea Clinton is ready to add to her previously announced schedule of new books destined for release through 2022 and beyond.
Former President Bill Clinton was reportedly seen on Tuesday boarding a yacht with the Epstein-connected billionaire sugar baron brothers, Alfonso and Jose Fanjul, who have been close to the Clintons for decades.
Chelsea Clinton’s new book ” She Persisted in Science: Brilliant Women Who Made a Difference” honors activist Greta Thunberg in addition to real researchers.
Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, lamented in a Tuesday interview with Chelsea Clinton that the “phenomenal amount of hostility” that he endures is “astounding.”
The Vatican’s Pontifical Council for Culture will host Chelsea Clinton, Anthony Fauci, and Deepak Chopra among others for a May conference on the interplay of mind, body, and soul in healthcare.
Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton said Thursday on ABC’s “The View” that she agreed with former Speaker John Boehner that the Republican Party had been taken over by “kooks and lunatics.”
iHeartRadio announced in a press release Tuesday that Clinton, the daughter of president Bill Clinton and former secretary of state Hillary Clinton, will launch the In Fact with Chelsea Clinton podcast April 13.
Two-time failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has announced that she is creating a dramatic TV series about the all-women Kurdish militia that successfully took on the Islamic State in the northern Syrian town of Kobani in 2014.
Hillary Clinton and her daughter Chelsea Clinton are set to host and produce a docuseries, entitled, “Gutsy Women.” The series will stream on Apple’s service and will seek to answer the question: “what exactly does it take to be a Gutsy Woman?”
Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton said Monday on the nationally syndicated talk show “The Real” that President Donald Trump was the  “obsessed” with her mother 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.
Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton said Sunday on MSNBC that if President Donald Trump had listened and partnered with experts in response to the coronavirus pandemic, the American death count would be lower.
Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton said Tuesday on ABC’s “The View” that she believed President Donald Trump’s response to the coronavirus pandemic had shown he has “blatant disregard for public health.”
Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton said she was teaching her children to “erode” their “white privilege” over time during a national Women for Biden organizing call with Rep. Ayanna Pressley (D-MA) Thursday evening.
Hillary Clinton’s latest book, titled Grandma’s Gardens, is dying on the Amazon best sellers sales chart.
Chelsea Clinton unveiled her next She Persisted children’s book on Tuesday about female athletes who have “faced their own unique set of challenges.”
Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton made $9 million while serving as a board member for the IAC/InterActiveCorp since 2011.
Hillary Clinton says she is “deluged” with requests to try another run for president and has still not completely ruled out joining the crowded field of 2020 Democrat candidates.
Failed U.S. presidential contender Hillary Clinton says she’s “dumbfounded” the U.K. government has failed to release a report on alleged Russian influence in British politics as the country heads for national elections.
A lot of “grown up male leaders” are scared of teenage climate activist Greta Thunberg, failed U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Clinton said Sunday, adding she finds it hard to understand the current state of politics.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
