Headline:
 Donald Trump: ‘Joe Biden Became Mentally Impaired, Kamala Was Born that Way’ 

Article Text:
 Vice President Kamala Harris was born “mentally impaired,” former President Donald Trump said Saturday in Wisconsin, mocking his political opponent and highlighting the nation’s managed decline.
“Joe Biden became mentally impaired. Kamala was born that way,” Trump said to loud applause. “And if you think about it, only a mentally disabled person could have allowed this to happen to our country”:
Trump repeatedly slammed Harris for soaring prices, the southern border invasion, and foreign policy blunders such as the deadly Afghan withdrawal and the Russian/Ukrainian war.
President Joe Biden stated Wednesday that he delegated “everything” as commander in chief to Harris, including foreign policy and domestic policy.
Those criticisms appear to be confirmed in polling. A near-majority (48 percent) of Americans believe Harris just says what she thinks people want to hear, while only 36 percent think she says what she believes, a recent Economist/YouGov poll found.
For the majority of her vice presidency, Harris has been very unpopular. She held the lowest net negative rating (-17) for a vice president in U.S. history before Harris joined the race. Her approval rating was only 28 percent in January 2024, and it improved to only 32 percent in July, the month Biden stepped aside. Harris’s approval rating is now 48 percent, an increase of 16 points in just two months.
WATCH — Lindsey Graham: Kamala Harris Policies Are “Batsh-t Crazy”:
“What changed?” digital strategist Greg Price asked on X this week. “The media coverage.”
“Nothing about Kamala Harris has changed,” he said. “The media machine has kicked into over drive and too many people in America still think the news is real.
Wendell Husebo is a political reporter with Breitbart News and a former RNC War Room Analyst. He is the author of Politics of Slave Morality. Follow Wendell on “X” @WendellHusebø or on Truth Social @WendellHusebo.
Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
