Headline:
 gender politics 

Article Text:
 Democrat men and women are more likely to view Kamala Harris’s gender as a liability compared to how they viewed Clinton eight years ago.
The Labour Party is reportedly preparing to make legally changing one’s gender easier, potentially by allowing just one doctor to sign off on the decision.
A left-wing-run museum in England has pronounced that a Roman Emperor was transgender and will be referred to by female pronouns.
Icelandic Prime Minister Katrín Jakobsdóttir said she will join women walking off the job to protest the widely disputed gender wage gap.
In the latest woke attack on the works of Roald Dahl, a theatre troupe has cast girls for the lead role in Charlie and The Chocolate Factory.
Parliament staff were reportedly told to police their co-worker’s speech to conform with the gender theories propped up by the UK deep state.
New Zealand Prime Minister Chris Hipkins has become the latest Western leader to be stumped by the simple task of defining what a woman is.
Humza Yousaf, a left-separatist who has pioneered anti-free speech legislation and lobbied for fewer white people in high office, now leads Scotland.
London’s so-called Vagina Museum has marked Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month by lecturing social media followers that not all victims of the deadly disease are women.
England’s Essex Police force has spotlighted a 5’5″ woman recruit, aged 18 and described as “autistic and dyslexic”, assuring the public she can hold her own against assailants.
The Spanish parliament has approved a new transgender law that could allow children as young as 12 to change their gender legally. Conservatives have vowed to repeal the law.
Former U.S. President Donald Trump has hailed the resignation of Nicola Sturgeon, the left-separatist leader of his mother’s native Scotland, as the welcome departure of a “failed woke extremist”.
French mayor cancelled drag queen storytime for children after a petition against the event garnered around 5,000 signatures.
The For Women Scotland group have accused the Scottish government of engaging in “biological denialism” by making transwomen eligible for women-only quotas on public boards.
Giorgia Meloni being likely to become Italy’s first-ever woman prime minister is “anything but a win” for women because she represents “white feminism”, according to MSNBC.
Manchester University in England has become the latest in a long line of British educational institutions to try and impose woke language codes on students and staff.
Britain’s Northern School of Contemporary Dance (NSCD) has dropped ballet from auditions because it is “built around white European ideas” and is too “gendered”.
Scottish civil servants have been instructed that biological sex is a “falsehood” which was “set by the medical establishment to reinforce white supremacy and gender oppression”.
Jewish groups in the United Kingdom have backed Harry Potter author JK Rowling against allegations that the avaricious goblin bankers in her novels are anti-Semitic caricatures.
The BBC has been accused of “taking sides” after including trans individuals in its 2021 list of 100 “inspiring and influential” women. Britain’s state broadcaster has been accused of taking a side by including trans individuals in its list of
British government workers are being taught that “gender isn’t binary” using a woke “genderbread person” diagram, at the taxpayers’ expense.
Britain’s Ministry of Defence (MoD) has announced plans to double the number of women recruits in the military by 2030.
MADRID (AP) – Spain’s health minister signed an order Friday granting single women, lesbians, bisexuals and transgender people access to medically assisted reproduction in the public health system, where it is performed free of charge.
Scotland has placed twelve violent or sexually offending transgender prisoners in women’s jails over the past year and a half, a Freedom of Information request has revealed.
Trans activists have condemned the BBC for publishing an article of testimonies by lesbian women who said they were pressured to date transwomen — i.e., biological males who identify as females — including those who still had intact male genitalia.
British department store chain John Lewis has dropped its controversial “woke” ad for home insurance featuring a boy in a dress causing intentional destruction after the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) criticised it for being “misleading” in terms of what the policy covers.
British Airways has become the latest institution to adopt woke language codes, telling pilots to refrain from using the common airline greeting of “ladies and gentlemen” in an apparent attempt to become more gender-neutral.
Sir Keir Starmer, the “uber woke” leader of Britain’s opposition Labour Party, said that is is “time for a female Bond” following Daniel Craig’s last outing as the iconic British spy in No Time to Die.
England’s Court of Appeal has reversed a High Court decision restricting the use of trans drugs on children, with “detransitioners” worried the ruling may have put “children as young as 10” on “a pathway to sterilisation” again.
Berlin Senator Elke Breitenbach has denied a possible honour motive in the case of an Afghan woman who was allegedly murdered by her brothers who disapproved of her Western way of life.
Scotland’s left-separatist Scottish National Party (SNP) government has issued official guidance to schools saying they can assist supposedly transgender pupils to change their gender identity from the age of four, without telling their parents.
BERLIN (AP) – Germany’s Green party has come under fire on social media for tweeting a photograph of its election candidates cropped in such a way as to remove all the men.
Transgender activists in Italy have objected to the Wuhan coronavirus “Green Pass”, claiming it would reveal information on their gender.
The European Commission will start legal proceedings against Hungary and Poland after accusing the countries of violating the rights of LGBT people.
The American Booksellers Association (ABA) apologized Thursday for what it said was the “violent incident” of its inclusion of an “anti-trans book” — Abigail Shrier’s Irreversible Damage: The Transgender Craze Seducing Our Daughters — on its July mailing list to its members.
German airline Lufthansa and Austrian Airlines have stopped making “ladies and gentlemen” announcements on flights to become more gender-neutral.
Maltese Labour MEP Cyrus Engerer, convicted of distributing revenge porn in 2014, will lead the European Union’s battle against Hungary’s law banning the teaching of LGBT and gender issues to children.
The EU’s encroachment on Hungary’s education system through LGBT diktats threatens the country’s way of life, Viktor Orbán has warned
Transgender women who were born as men can legally be placed in female-only prisons in England and Wales, the UK’s High Court has ruled.
The Church of England’s first-ever transwoman priest(ess) has declared that “God is non-binary” and questioned whether He is “just genuinely like a guy?”




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
