Headline:
 Robert Davi 

Article Text:
 Former “Family Ties” star Justine Bateman ridiculed Prince Harry and Meghan Markle for their Friday photo-op as they met with victims of the ongoing Los Angeles wildfires.
Veteran actor and singer Robert Davi has gone nuclear on California leaders for their catastrophic mismanagement of the Los Angeles fires, saying California Gov. Gavin Newsom (D) “should thrown out of office.”
Actor, singer, and filmmaker Robert Davi has slammed the growing number of Hollywood celebrities who are lecturing Americans to vote for Kamala Harris, saying they have a “huge disconnect” with ordinary citizens.
I’ve been an actor and director in Hollywood almost my entire life. It is a world of make-believe, not only on screen but off. There’s nothing that makes executives more nervous than a first-time director with no experience….someone in charge of the entire production who has never been in charge. But Hollywood has solved that problem over and over again by surrounding the first-timer with all the right people from the cinematographer to the production designer to the writers and on and on.
Veteran actor Robert Davi (“Die Hard,” “The Goonies”) plays the strong, defiant Jewish leader Rafuel Lowy in the new Holocaust drama “Bardejov,” which tells the compelling story of how a small Jewish community in a Slovakian town cunningly worked to save themselves from certain death in the early days of World War II.
Conservatives celebrated and paid homage to Andrew Breitbart, the founder of Breitbart News, on the twelfth anniversary of his untimely passing at just 43 years old.
The great California exodus continues, with a growing list of Hollywood celebrities leading the way as hundreds of thousands of people abandon the Golden State and its crushing problems to find a better life elsewhere.
I tuned into the Republican Presidential Primary debate in Miami, Florida, last night expecting the usual but after the first few moments, Vivek Ramaswamy threw a right hook that had the RNC, the media, and career politicians on the mat.
Steve Bannon, the former Trump White House chief strategist and host of the popular “War Room” podcast, is predicting the new movie “My Son Hunter” will only grow in importance and stature when Congress holds hearings into the corruption surrounding Hunter Biden and his numerous overseas business deals.
“Will I ever work again?” John James said of cancel culture and his role in My Son Hunter, adding, “the truth ends up winning in the end.”
Phelim McAleer, producer of “My Son Hunter,” highlighted the film’s crowdfunding of from 30,000 donors as evidence of the story’s importance.
Alex Marlow hosted a roundtable discussion examining “My Son Hunter,” featuring Robert Davi, John James, Phelim McAleer, and Ann McElhinney.
The popular social media personalities Catturd and Jewels Jones hosted “My Son Hunter” director Robert Davi on this week’s episode of the podcast “In the Litter Box” during which they discussed the making of the movie as well as the need to support the making of more movies for conservative audiences.
Actor Robert Davi, director of “My Son Hunter,” said on Tuesday’s edition of “The David Webb Show” on SiriusXM that Hunter Biden’s “debauched lifestyle” had “potentially compromised America.”
Lisa De Pasquale, a veteran conservative culture writer (contributing for many years to Breitbart News), interviews My Son Hunter director Robert Davi for her “Pop Culture Warriors” feature in Human Events.
The Post Millennial, a Canada-based conservative news and commentary website, hailed “My Son Hunter” as movie that “exists on the vanguard of a Conservative film movement that doesn’t feel beholden to the claustrophobic strictures of Leftist Hollywood.”
“My Son Hunter” director Robert Davi joined Friday night’s broadcast of Fox News’ The Ingraham Angle to debut an exclusive clip featuring Gina Carano (The Mandalorian, Dead Pool, Heist), Laurence Fox (Victoria, Inspector Lewis, The Professor and the Madman), and John James (Dynasty).
“You have never seen a conservative film quite like this,” says FrontPage Magazine’s Mark Tapson of the newly released film My Son Hunter, which Tapson believes “sets a new bar for conservative filmmaking, far above the heavy-handed messaging and awkward acting that right-leaning audiences have generally had to settle for in the recent past.”
“We put ourselves on the line, culturally,” veteran actor Robert Davi, director of “My Son Hunter,” said on Thursday during an interview with Benny Johnson on the latter’s eponymous podcast.
Benny Johnson described the film “My Son Hunter” as a “gorgeous, cinematic” movie helping create a “parallel economy” of “non-woke” cultural content in a Thursday interview with actor Robert Davi, the film’s director, on The Benny Show.
Actor John James, who portrayed President Joe Biden in the film “My Son Hunter,” said on Wednesday’s edition of Monica Crowley’s eponymous podcast that his portrayal was a search for “truth” in his character grounded in commitment against performing “a poor imitation” of the president.
Actor Robert Davi, director of “My Son Hunter,” said on Thursday’s edition of SiriusXM’s Breitbart News Daily with host Alex Marlow that great films move audiences with emotional content while blending in “issues of the day.”
The conservative political site Hot Air has delivered a rave review about the movie “My Son Hunter,” calling it a “fun, irreverent romp” through “Biden, Inc.” Embracing director Robert Davi’s unconventional stylistic approach, critic Ed Morrissey describes the movie as the “cinematic version of a graphic novel” covering the Biden family’s “greatest alleged corruption hits.”
The Epoch Times has delivered a rave review about the movie “My Son Hunter,” calling it a “brilliant Biden satire” that reaches “Shakespearean-level tragicomedy.” Special praise was given to actor Laurence Fox, who plays Hunter Biden, in what the outlet called a “career-defining performance.” The paper also praised director Robert Davi’s ability to balance outright satire with a more humanistic approach to portraying Hunter Biden.
Veteran actor and “My Son Hunter” director Robert Davi told Newsmax host Chris Salcedo that if the upcoming film dramatizing the Biden family’s shady international deals and influence peddling was about Donald Trump and his son, Donald Trump Jr. “they’d be having a premiere at the Grauman’s Chinese Theatre and every starlet in Hollywood would show up.”
Tim Pool, host of the popular eponymous “Timcast IRL” podcast, heralded the production of “My Son Hunter” as an important example of creating cultural content to compete with and dissent from the woke corporate entertainment establishment.
Laurence Fox, star of Breitbart’s first foray into the world of scripted movies, ‘My Son Hunter’, was a darling of the entertainment industry in Britain until he spoke out against the woke mob and called a BBC audience member “racist” for branding him a “white privileged male”.
A secret, invitation-only screening of “My Son Hunter” took place this week in Los Angeles, with a group of Hollywood conservatives, producers, and influencers standing to their feet and applauding during an early look at the upcoming movie, which is now available for pre-order and will be available for streaming and download on September 7.
Spectator Australia called “My Son Hunter,” marking Breitbart’s expansion into film distribution, a perfectly timed exposé on “the Biden family’s depravity splashed across the big screen,” a story censored by tech corporations in concert with the FBI and the establishment media in the waning weeks of a presidential election. Thus, making the movie a piece of cinema that will “terrify the White House.”
The full theatrical trailer for the highly anticipated feature film “My Son Hunter” has spread like wildfire online after its official debut on Truth Social last week, racking up more than 3.5 million cross-platform views.
Director, actor, and longtime Democrat activist Rob Reiner was incredulous at the notion that the media censored coverage of the Hunter Biden laptop scandal in the run-up to the 2020 election–a fact which is no longer in dispute. Reiner’s comments
“My Son Hunter” director Robert Davi said his film “is told through the eyes of a 25-year-old left-wing activist, who is working as a stripper to pay for her college loan.”
Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani says he intends to talk about the upcoming film “My Son Hunter” every day as a way to address the mainstream media’s censorship of Hunter Biden’s laptop scandal and the Biden family corruption.
“My Son Hunter” director Robert Davi recounted hearing about yet another potentially misplaced Hunter Biden laptop left at a house Hunter was reportedly renting.
“This is a story that the FBI should be all over, and they’re nowhere to be seen,” “My Son Hunter” director Robert Davi said about the Hunter Biden corruption scandals during a panel discussion on Truth Social following the release of the film’s full theatrical trailer.
The upcoming film “My Son Hunter” is an “incredible example” of conservatives “looking for alternate venues to spend their hard-earned money,” Donald Trump Jr. said during a panel discussion Thursday evening on Truth Social following the release of the film’s full theatrical trailer.
Watch the world premiere of the full theatrical trailer for the highly anticipated feature film “My Son Hunter” followed by a panel discussion hosted by Truth Social CEO Devin Nunes with Donald Trump Jr., director Robert Davi, bestselling author Peter Schweizer, and Breitbart Editor-in-Chief Alex Marlow.
The world premiere of the official trailer for the highly anticipated feature film “My Son Hunter” will stream on Truth Social this Thursday, August 25, 2022, at 9:00 p.m. ET.
Fox News host Jesse Watters unveiled the 30-second teaser trailer on Tuesday’s episode of Jesse Watters Primetime for the upcoming movie My Son Hunter with director Robert Davi.
The official poster for My Son Hunter has arrived, and as director Robert Davi (Licensed to Kill, Die Hard, The Goonies) explained to Breitbart News, “I describe this movie as if Hunter’s laptop exploded onto the screen, and this poster




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
