Headline:
 Xavier Becerra 

Article Text:
 Xavier Becerra, President Joe Biden’s Health and Human Services (HHS) secretary, on Wednesday entered the race to become the next governor of California.
Xavier Becerra, who recently served as President Joe Biden’s Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS), announced Wednesday that he is running for governor of California, hoping to succeed termed-out Gavin Newsom. Becerra ran HHS during the era of vaccine mandates,
HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra said, “We do the best we can,” when asked if he would change anything about his tenure.
Rep. Pramila Jayapal (D-WA) falsely claimed this week that thousands of unaccompanied migrant children have not gone missing in the United States.
Rep. Chip Roy (R-TX) is demanding the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), as well as the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), preserve all records about tens of thousands of Unaccompanied Alien Children (UACs) whom the agencies have lost contact with after they were released into the United States.
On Wednesday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “All In,” HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra stated that if the Affordable Care Act is repealed, “people will pool to where they can pay least.” Which will lead to costly plans for some “and the ACA made
Sen. Eric Schmitt (R-MO) and Senate Republicans sent a letter to HHS Xavier Becerra, sounding the alarm about an agency proposal that would dole out organ transplants based “equity” and diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) policies, Breitbart News has learned exclusively.
American Health and Human Services Secretary Xavier Becerra told reporters on Wednesday that he is optimistic the member nations of the World Health Organization (W.H.O.) will agree on a framework to respond to future pandemics, despite the collapsed of talks on a proposed “pandemic treaty” this week.
President Joe Biden’s opening Obamacare rolls to illegal aliens enrolled in the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program is “not only unjust, it is economically unsustainable for millions of American citizens,” Senate Republicans say.
President Joe Biden’s decision to open Obamacare enrollment to DACA illegal aliens will cost Americans roughly $300 million annually.
The Biden administration decided to delay a ban on menthol cigarettes after receiving criticism from black voters and cigarette companies.
HHS finalized a rule this week that prevents medical records from being used in criminal investigations regarding women who leave their states to get an abortion.
Sen. Roger Marshall (R-KS) introduced a bill on Wednesday that would block the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) from implementing a rule that could keep parents who oppose gender ideology from being able to foster children.
Health and Human Services Secretary Xavier Becerra will testify on President Joe Biden’s requested budget for the agency on Thursday, March 14.
U.S. Sen. J.D. Vance is sounding the alarm on critical shortages and vulnerabilities in the supply chain to the United States for key medical personal protective equipment (PPE) that could allow the Chinese Communist Party to shut down health practice in the United States.
House Judiciary Committee Chairman Jim Jordan (R-OH) has subpoenaed Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Xavier Becerra for records on Unaccompanied Alien Children (UACs), released into the United States, who are behind some of the most “heinous criminal acts against Americans.”
House Judiciary Committee Chairman Jim Jordan (R-OH) has subpoenaed Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Xavier Becerra for information on the agency’s handling of criminals and gang members posing as Unaccompanied Alien Children (UACs) in the hopes of being released into the United States.
The Biden administration cannot force emergency room doctors in Texas to perform abortions, a federal appeals court ruled on Tuesday.
Lawmakers attest that the proposed rule “blatantly violates prohibitions on the use of federal funds to facilitate abortions and ignores the best interest of the unaccompanied minor.”
Republican lawmakers are demanding answers from President Joe Biden’s Department of Health and Human Services about its guidelines ordering agency employees to refer to transgender coworkers by their “preferred pronouns.”
Children working in American jobs, in violation of federal labor laws, have skyrocketed under President Joe Biden, coinciding with a surge of Unaccompanied Alien Children (UACs) ending up in a labor trafficking pipeline in the United States.
It is easier to adopt a dog or cat in Washington, DC than it is to become a sponsor for Unaccompanied Alien Children (UACs) under President Joe Biden, Rep. Debbie Lesko (R-AZ) says.
Rep. Mark Green is introducing a bill to bar Joe Biden’s HHS from abusing Title X funds to coerce pro-life states into supporting abortion.
Senate Democrats are seemingly shielding President Joe Biden’s current and former top officials from answering questions in regard to tens of thousands of Unaccompanied Alien Children (UACs) that have ended up in a labor trafficking pipeline after their release into the United States.
Sen. Marsha Blackburn (R-TN) is blasting President Joe Biden and Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Xavier Becerra for their “turning a blind eye” to a labor trafficking pipeline that now includes many Unaccompanied Alien Children (UACs) after they were released into the United States by the federal government.
President Joe Biden’s Domestic Policy Adviser Susan Rice, reportedly set to step down from her position at the end of next month, is among a number of White House officials accused of ignoring a surge of unaccompanied alien children (UACs) being labor trafficked into United States jobs.
President Joe Biden is moving forward with a proposed federal rule to open Affordable Care Act benefits, known as Obamacare and subsidized by American taxpayers, to illegal aliens enrolled in the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program.
U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services Xavier Becerra violated the Hatch Act of 1939 when he gave a speech in which he backed Sen. Alex Padilla (D-CA) for election in the 2022 midterms, a report concluded.
Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Xavier Becerra will oversee a scheme by President Joe Biden to open Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, and Medicaid rolls to hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens enrolled in the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program.
Health and Human Services Secretary Xavier Becerra said Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union” that ignoring a federal judge in Texas halted the Food and Drug Administration’s approval of the abortion drug mifepristone was “on the table.”
Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Xavier Becerra has “no idea” if 85,000 Unaccompanied Alien Children (UACs) have been lost throughout the United States by the agency.
The White House spokeswoman claimed that Trump’s policy of blocking teenage migrants was more harmful than the widespread workplace abuse of teenage migrants under Biden.
Sen. Roger Marshall (R-KS) accused the Joe Biden administration of “hypocrisy” and “fearmongering” over claims that Republicans want to cut Medicare when the Biden administration has moved to cut Medicare Advantage.
Paxton filed a lawsuit this week against the HHS over guidance that would require retail pharmacies  to dispense mifepristone.
The administration is considering a plan to declare a public health emergency “that would free up resources to help people access abortions.”
A federal appeals court has permanently blocked the Biden administration’s mandate on doctors and hospitals forcing them to perform gender transition procedures against their conscience.
President Joe Biden’s Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Xavier Becerra on Monday tweeted at 4:20 p.m. about the administration’s review to determine whether to reclassify marijuana’s status as a Schedule I drug.
Secretary of Health and Human Services Xavier Becerra is apparently advising Americans who got a coronavirus jab as recently as two months ago to get the “updated” shot now as well.
Vice President Kamala Harris is seemingly contradicting public health officials this week, asserting that “most” people will only need a coronavirus shot once a year, despite the fact that they are pushing the updated shot on individuals — even those who got their last jab as recently as two months ago.
The United States is extending the coronavirus pandemic public health emergency through April, President Joe Biden’s administration confirmed to CNBC on Friday.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
