Headline:
 Bret Baier 

Article Text:
 Sunday, in a preview of his Super Bowl pregame show interview, President Donald Trump said Elon Musk was finding fraud and abuse in the government.
Friday on Fox News Channel’s “Special Report,” network host Trey Gowdy, a former South Carolina congressman, blasted President-elect Donald Trump’s pick for attorney general, Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-FL).
Former adviser and pollster for President Clinton Mark Penn said Sunday on FNC’s “Special Report” that at this point in the election, he would rather be on the side of former President Donald Trump’s team.
For Breitbart Fight Club Members only, every week we reveal our top five articles based on reader engagement. These are the stories that our readers were talking about for the week of October 12.
Alec Baldwin, who won an Emmy for playing former President Donald Trump, didn’t reprise that role — he returned to “Saturday Night Live” to play Fox News’ Bret Baier in an opening skit that spoofed this week’s interview with Kamala Harris.
Vice President Kamala Harris’s “inferior cognitive ability must be tested at once,” former President Donald Trump said.
After the conclusion of Fox News Channel host Bret Baier’s interview with Vice President Kamala Harris, the Democratic presidential nominee, aired on Wednesday’s broadcast of FNC’s “Special Report,” senior political contributor Brit Hume offered his thoughts.
Vice President Kamala Harris avoided answering whether she had “any concerns” over the past three and a half years about President Joe Biden’s fitness.
Media commentator Brian Stelter said Wednesday on CNN’s “The Situation Room” that Democratic presidential nominee Vice President Kamala Harris’s interview on Fox News was “a sign of toughness and strength.”
Vice President Kamala Harris refused to answer a question from Fox News’ Bret Baier about why the Biden-Harris administration allowed Iran to access billions of dollars, deflecting instead to familiar criticisms of Donald Trump.
Vice President Kamala Harris claimed that if elected president, her presidency would “not be a continuation of” President Joe Biden’s presidency.
Vice President Kamala Harris told Fox News anchor Bret Baier that presidents and vice presidents have “to take” responsibility “for what happened” during their administrations.
Four Kamala Harris staffers waved their arms pleading to end Harris’s much-anticipated but widely panned Fox News Channel’s Special Report interview, Bret Baier revealed Wednesday night.
Vice President Kamala Harris referred to taxpayer-funded sex reassignment surgeries for inmates and illegal migrants as a “remote” issue.
Kamala Harris’s senior campaign adviser complained that Wednesday’s much anticipated Fox News interview with Harris was an “ambush” after Fox’s Bret Baier repeatedly pressed Harris to directly answer questions.
There was no “joy” during Vice President Kamala Harris interview with Fox News Channel’s Special Report with Bret Baier on Wednesday.
ABC News legal analyst Sunny Hostin said Wednesday on MSNBC’s “The Beat” that Democratic presidential nominee Vice President Kamala Harris went into the “belly of the beast” with her interview on Fox News.
Vice President Kamala Harris faced tough questions on the southern border invasion under the Biden-Harris administration during a Wednesday Fox News Channel’s Special Report interview with Bret Baier.
The Kamala Harris campaign will allow her to sit for an interview with Fox News’s Bret Baier. Here are 7 questions he should ask her.
Thursday, on FNC’s “Special Report,” Sen. Tom Cotton (R-AR), a surrogate for former President Donald Trump’s campaign, criticized the Biden-Harris administration’s policy regarding Israel.
Thursday, following Vice President Kamala Harris’ address to the Democratic National Convention in Chicago, her opponent former President Donald Trump appeared on Fox News to respond to the speech.
Wednesday, during an appearance on Fox News Channel’s “Special Report,” polling expert and FiveThirty Eight founder Nate Silver discussed the current state of the 2024 presidential contest.
Representative Dan Goldman (D-NY) said Monday on Fox News Channel’s “Special Report” that President Donald Trump is “too chicken” to show up at the September 10 presidential debate. Anchor Bret Baier said, “On debates, do you think that there is only going
Fox News host Bret Baier said Tuesday on “America’s Newsroom” that Vice President Kamala Harris’ running mate, Gov. Tim Walz (D-MN), has gone on Fox shows and is “not afraid to mix it up.” Baier said, “I mean, this guy
Former President Donald Trump revealed that he had “agreed” to debate Vice President Kamala Harris in a presidential debate in September.
Fox News chief political analyst Brit Hume said Monday on Fox News Channel’s “Special Report” that Sen. JD Vance (R-OH) made a mistake with his comments about childless cat ladies.
Kamala Harris agreed on Thursday to debate Donald Trump. It appears the campaigns have not yet agreed upon a date and network.
On Tuesday’s broadcast of FNC’s “Special Report,” Sen. JD Vance (R-OH) weighed in on the possibility that presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump would ask him to be his running mate for the November election.
During an appearance on FNC’s “Special Report” on Monday, Sen. Tom Cotton (R-AR) criticized the International Criminal Court (ICC) for going after Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and other Israeli officials.
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “Special Report” that Tucker Carlson’s interview with Russian President Vladimir Putin was “two hours of bullshit.”
Friday on FNC’s “Special Report,” Sen. Tom Cotton (R-AR) expressed his doubt about the efficacy of the U.S. strikes in Iraq and Syria earlier in the day.
Thursday on FNC’s “Special Report,” outgoing Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV) addressed speculation he would seek the White House as a third-party candidate in 2024.
Thursday, during an appearance on FNC’s “Special Report,” Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu offered his approval of the House of Representatives vote to censure Rep. Rashida Tlaib (D-MI) for her anti-Israel rhetoric.
Fox News host Bret Baier recently listed a French chateau style gated mansion in a safe Washington, DC, neighborhood for $31.9 million after opting to live in his $37 million Palm Beach mansion.
Monday, during an appearance on Fox News Channel’s “Special Report,” Rep. Michael McCaul (R-TX), chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, reacted to a response given by President Joe Biden during an interview with CBS’s “60 Minutes” declaring “no clear evidence” of Iranian involvement in a concerted terror attack on Israel earlier this month.
Fox News host Bret Baier said Thursday on “Special Report” that he heard Jesus could not unite the Republican caucus during the speakership battle.
Fox News announced a televised forum with House Speaker candidates, but various reports now say that it has been canceled.
During the Fox News debate former South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley interjected a line about transgender athletes in her answer about education
Bret Baier’s claim that New Jersey suffered a credit rating downgrade 11 times during Chris Christie’s time as governor is true.
The 2024 GOP presidential primary is now officially underway as several candidates face off on the debate stage in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, but the biggest elephant is not in the room.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
