Headline:
 Jennifer Garner 

Article Text:
 The Kamala Harris campaign has deployed a bevy of Hollywood celebrities on election night  to encourage swing state voters — especially college kids — to remain in line as polls close. Stars including Jennifer Garner, Josh Gad, Demi Lovato, and Paul Rudd are pulling late-night duty on Tuesday, providing morale boosters to students in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Nevada.
Hollywood star Jennifer Garner has teamed up with Gwen Walz, the wife of Kamala Harris’ vice presidential running mate Tim Walz, to campaign in swing states, including Nevada, during the final stretch of the current election cycle.
Actress and Kamala Harris presidential campaign celebrity surrogate Jennifer Garner is getting roasted on social media for saying, “God, is there anything sexier than a man who is like, ‘Men for Kamala’? Woo!” while speaking at a Harris-Walz campaign rally in Pennsylvania over the weekend.
Actress and Kamala Harris presidential campaign celebrity surrogate Jennifer Garner questioned if there was “anything sexier than a man” for Kamala during a Harris-Walz campaign rally in in the all-important swing state of Pennsylvania.
Fox’s “Alias” and “Deadpool & Wolverine” star Jennifer Garner is set to hit the ground for Kamala Harris in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, this week as recent polls show former President Donald Trump maintaining a slight advantage in the crucial battleground state.
Actor Ben Affleck was seen stranded on the Los Angeles Freeway with his son on Saturday after his electric Bronco stopped working.
Kamala Harris has deployed a gaggle of Hollywood celebrities — whose estimated personal net worths exceed $200 million — to campaign for her in Arizona as former President Donald Trump’s lead in the Grand Canyon state continues to grow, with one recent poll showing him leading 48 percent to 42 percent in the crucial swing state.
Actor Ben Affleck’s daughter is demanding that the government impose mask mandates in Los Angeles hospitals. “The county must oppose mask bans for any reason,” Violet Affleck said.
Actress Jennifer Garner and actor Ben Affleck’s 15-year-old daughter Seraphina Rose has gotten a buzz-cut hairstyle and changed her name to Fin.
Actress Jennifer Garner earned high praise after being seen not just helping out a homeless man in a wheelchair but actually giving the man the shoes off her feet.
Actress Jennifer Garner, who has three children with her ex-husband Ben Affleck — 17-year-old Violet, 13-year-old Seraphina, and 11-year-old Samuel — says her kids are not on social media and that her oldest child is “grateful” not to be on it.
Left-wing Hollywood elites are reportedly pouring money into key Senate midterm races, including Sen. Raphael Warnock’s (D-GA) bid for re-election. Among the famous names throwing cash at Senate Democrats are Steven Spielberg, Mark Ruffalo, Kerry Washington, Jennifer Garner, and Rob Reiner.
Actor Ben Affleck was slammed for telling Howard Stern on Tuesday that he would “still be drinking” if he didn’t divorce his ex-wife, actress Jennifer Garner, and that he felt “trapped” in their marriage.
Jennifer Garner joined Sen. Joe Manchin and the first lady for a trip to Capital High School in Charleston, West Virginia, to promote coronavirus vaccines for children over the age of 12.
First Lady Jill Biden and actress Jennifer Garner ripped their masks off on Thursday for a photo op at an event in West Virginia, where the first lady said, “We feel naked!”
Actress Jennifer Garner will be accompanying First Lady Jill Biden to West Virginia on Thursday to visit schools in the state.
Actress Jennifer Garner is slated to visit Alabama alongside First Lady Jilly Biden on Friday, where the pair are expected to tout the president’s $1.9 trillion American Rescue Plan as part of the White House’s “Help is Here” tour, aimed to further detail the recently-passed coronavirus stimulus package to the American people.
Kamala Harris was on hand to receive the 2021 Generation Change Award, which was presented by actress Jennifer Garner. In a taped message, Harris praised “young leaders” for wearing masks.
Actress Jennifer Garner hosted Jill Biden for a cringeworthy conversation about her Joe Biden that saw Garner saying she got “the chance to dream of you and Vice President Biden in the White House, where kids come first, where honor and decency reign.”
With no movies and TV shows to promote or shoot, Hollywood stars have virtually nothing to do as the entertainment industry comes to a  standstill due to the global coronavirus pandemic. But several stars have decided to put the national emergency to use by reading aloud bedtime stories on social media to reach young children who are stuck at home.
She may not be running for president herself but it appears that Oprah Winfrey has found one person who she thinks could make a great president: Disney CEO Bob Iger.
Peppermint isn’t Republican or conservative or Trumpian. It just does what movies should do… Tells a truth the powerful do not want told.
Actresses Ellen Page and Jennifer Garner will reprise their roles for an all-female live-read of their hit 2007 film Juno, with proceeds from the event going to benefit Planned Parenthood.
Breaking with her anti-Donald Trump celebrity contemporaries, actress Jennifer Garner says she’s willing to help the president keep some of the campaign promises he made to working class Americans.
Hollywood A-lister Jennifer Garner hosts a fundraiser for the Democratic nominee for president Hillary R. Clinton campaign Thursday at the home of Benjamin and Penelope Pierce from 4:30 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. Thursday, according to the Bozeman Daily Chronicle.
Actress Jennifer Garner opened up about her faith this week, explaining how her latest film role inspired her to go back to church regularly, taking the children she and Ben Affleck have together with her.
Is there a better way to end a social media blackout than by tweeting John Kerry?
Hollywood power couple Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner are calling it quits after ten years of marriage.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
