Headline:
 Jewish 

Article Text:
 A man is accused of trying to kidnap a Hasidic Jewish boy as the child and his father walked through Brooklyn on Saturday afternoon.
An alleged “Hamas operative” accused of vandalizing synagogues and Jewish cultural centers with pro-Palestinian graffiti and building an explosive device supported and donated to members of Congress’s “Squad,” the New York Post reported.
Chicago Mayor Brandon Johnson’s choice of Mitchell L. Ikenna Johnson to head the Chicago Public Schools is facing heavy criticism and spurring calls for the latter to resign after revelations that he engaged in a long series of antisemitic comments on social media.
The French government ordered police reinforcements to protect Jewish places of worship after a suspected arson attack on a synagogue.
Some leftist members of the “Squad” in Congress are facing a class-action lawsuit regarding the anti-Israel encampment and protests that erupted at Columbia University a few months ago.
Forty-nine percent of Americans believe antisemitism is a “very serious problem” in the United States, a recent Gallup survey found.
CNN host Dana Bash said Wednesday on her show “Inside Politics” that the pro-Palestinian protesters harassing Jewish students on college campuses shows rising antisemitism in the United States, which she said was “hearkening back to the 1930s in Europe.”
Former New York Gov. David Paterson (D) said the Jewish community deserves “some kind of support” after they supported and marched with Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. as he fought for civil rights.
An anti-Israel student protester disrupted an event on Tuesday for Berkeley Law School graduates that was hosted at the residence of the Jewish dean, Erwin Chemerinsky, and his wife.
Over 450 Jewish Hollywood professionals, including Steven Spielberg’s sister and other producers, have signed an open letter denouncing The Zone of Interest director Jonathan Glazer for his Oscar speech in which he refuted his “Jewishness” to criticize Israel’s war against Hamas in Gaza.
As Congress debates President Joe Biden’s request of $64 billion for Ukraine, following the $113 billion that has already been sent, the eastern European nation is acting in violation of international human rights law, and a bilateral agreement with the United States, by desecrating a Jewish cemetery — and is refusing to respond to congressional inquiry about it.
Jewish students are being welcomed at Catholic universities, which are being deemed a “better option for Jews than an Ivy League school.”
Rapper and entrepreneur Kanye West is being slammed by prominent Jewish organizations over the lyrics to his new song “Vultures,” in which he is heard rapping, “How I’m anti-Semitic? I just f**ked a Jewish b**ch.”
Police in Detroit have arrested a suspect in the murder of Samantha Woll, a Jewish community leader who was stabbed to death at her home.
German media report that the Anne Frank Daycare Center in a small German town will be renamed because migrant parents objected
State Rep. Randy Fine, a Jewish Republican legislator in Florida, has switched his support from DeSantis to former President Donald Trump.
An anti-Hamas billboard put up by a Jewish organization in New Jersey has been taken down after police received more than 100 complaints about it.
Nolte: Helen Mirren tore into the fascist cancel culture and uproar over her portrayal of Golda Meir in the film “Golda.”
Republican Jewish Coalition (RJC) leadership demanded answers on Friday from House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries (D-NY) for lying and defending his antisemitic uncle, Leonard Jeffries, and Nation of Islam Leader Louis Farrakhan.
Helen Mirren has declined to address questions regarding the controversy over the movie “Golda,” in which she plays the late Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir.
Disney’s ABC is coming under pressure to fire “The View’s” Whoopi Goldberg after she doubled down on her comments about the Holocaust, claiming in a recent interview that the murder of six million Jewish people during World War II wasn’t racially motivated.
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) appeared to throw shade at former President Donald Trump this week, asserting that anyone who meets with those who hold anti-semitic or white supremacist views are “unlikely” to be elected president — a likely reference to Trump’s dinner with Kanye West and with an unexpected guest — a Holocaust denier named Nick Fuentes.
Kanye West went on yet another antisemitic rant this weekend as he targeted what he called, “Jewish media,” while blaming Jews for a host of other ills in his life.
With Rosh Hashanah fast approaching, officials in multicultural France are now warning of a “very high” terror threat level.
L.A. mayoral candidate Rick Caruso, a billionaire real estate developer who is surging in the polls, told Breitbart News on Tuesday that an outsider candidate can win, and succeed, despite resistance from entrenched interests.
Recent reports by Israeli and international media suggesting the Chinese Embassy in Israel gifted thermal coffee mugs containing hidden spyware to Israel’s government on the occasion of the upcoming Jewish Passover holiday are “baseless rumors,” the official website of the Chinese Embassy in Israel claimed on Wednesday.
The Community Service Trust (CST), an antisemitism awareness charity, recorded 2,255 antisemitic incidents across Britain in 2021, including 176 violent assaults.
Two Jewish shopkeepers have been “viciously” assaulted outside a London bakery by a lone attacker on the eve of Holocaust Memorial Day.
“The case against Israel is a case against Jews,” Joel Pollak said of the 2001 U.N. World Conference Against Racism in Durban, South Africa.
Joe Biden recalled his daughter married a Jewish doctor and had a wedding co-officiated by a Catholic priest and a Jewish rabbi.
Bureaucrats in the New York state government are dragging their feet when it comes to distributing government coronavirus relief funding to religious schools, according to the Superintendent of Catholic Schools for the Archdiocese of New York.
Two Jewish mental health counselors filed a complaint against their employer, Stanford University, for its antiracism training, alleging it is antisemitic.
The Congressional Progressive Caucus (CPC), a far-left group on Capitol Hill, issued a statement supporting the remarks made by Rep. Ilhan Omar (D-MN), calling the attacks on her part of the “right-wing media echo chamber” which are “distorting her views and intentions.”
Democrat Rep. Ilhan Omar (MN) on Thursday tried to clarify her remark remarks where she compared the United States and Israel to Hamas terrorists after being called out by a dozen Jewish House Democrats.
A second individual suspected in the attack on a Jewish man in New York’s Times Square recently was arrested on Monday, law enforcement said.
A Brooklyn man accused of beating a Jewish man during an attack in Midtown reportedly said from his jail cell he would “do it again,” prosecutors claimed Saturday.
Anti-Defamation League CEO Jonathan Greenblatt said Friday on MSNBC’s “Deadline” that there has been an alarming rise in anti-Semitic attacks across the nation in the past few days, particularly in New York and Los Angeles.
The Bishop of Essen, Franz-Josef Overbeck, has denounced last week’s anti-Jewish protests near the Gelsenkirchen synagogue while expressing his solidarity with the Jewish community.
In a shocking parallel, a Florida-based Holocaust museum now features an exhibit commemorating George Floyd, a black man who died after being restrained by Minneapolis police officers in May and whose death set off a series of violent riots throughout the US.
MSNBC commentator Donny Deutsch admonished his “Jewish friends” for supporting President Donald Trump on Wednesday’s broadcast of “Morning Joe.”




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
