Headline:
 jobs report 

Article Text:
 President Donald Trump on Friday called for Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell to lower interest rates, contending it is the “perfect time” to do so.
President Donald Trump said the March jobs report, which crushed expectations, shows his economic plan is working.
The hiring of Americans apparently surged in February as more migrants left the workforce after President Donald Trump ended the Bidenomics policy of importing migrants for U.S. jobs.
On Friday’s broadcast of “CNN News Central,” Rep. Dan Kildee (D-MI) stated that the October jobs report is “troubling” but “it makes the point, do we want to stick with the administration that has been growing jobs for the last
On Friday’s broadcast of “CNN News Central,” acting Labor Secretary Julie Su stated that the October jobs report had various anomalies in it due to hurricanes and strikes and reacted to the downward revisions in the August and September jobs
The economy delivered some rough justice to the campaign of Kamala Harris on Friday in the form of the monthly jobs report.
On Friday’s “PBS NewsHour,” Chicago Federal Reserve Bank President Austan Goolsbee said that if the jobs market just stopped where it is, it “would be fine.” But the Federal Reserve needs to consider that if it doesn’t “start moving apace
On Friday’s broadcast of Bloomberg’s “Balance of Power,” White House Council of Economic Advisers Chairman Jared Bernstein responded to the August jobs report by stating that “the market has an overreaction function. Today’s a pretty simple story, if you keep
On Friday’s broadcast of WBUR’s “Here and Now,” MSNBC Chief Economics Correspondent and MSNBC host Ali Velshi stated that the August jobs report shows job creation that is at “a lower number than what you need to sort of maintain
If you squint at the latest jobs report, you might find something to cheer about. But if you look at it with clear eyes, what you really see is an economy downshifting and bracing for impact.
We have arrived on the eve of the most important jobs report in years.
The Japanese stock market suffered its worst single-day sell-off in history Monday, losing even more points than on “Black Monday” in 1987.
On Friday’s broadcast of “CNN News Central,” acting Labor Secretary Julie Su reacted to the July jobs report by stating that “we look at, not just one month’s data, but we look at trends,” and the July number “is cooler
During an interview with Bloomberg on Friday, acting Labor Secretary Julie Su reacted to the July jobs report by stating that the July jobs number is “still over 100,000 jobs. It’s still broad-based.” And “generally, this is an indicator of
We have been saying for a few weeks that the softness in the April numbers looked like a “blip” and that the economy appeared to rebound in May. The jobs numbers confirm that view, and we expect that will not be lost on Fed officials when they meet next week.
Donald Trump ripped Joe Biden for Friday’s weaker than expected jobs report and promised new economic policies.
The February jobs numbers should be seen as an economic Rorschach test. What you see in the ink blots released by the Department of Labor largely depends on what you were already inclined to see.
The surprisingly strong January jobs report reflects real employment and productivity growth and not just growth in government or government-adjacent hiring, Breitbart Economics Editor John Carney told Fox Business host Larry Kudlow.
The much-better-than-expected jobs data for January demonstrates that the Federal Reserve was absolutely right this week to rule out a March rate cut. Even a May rate cut now looks unlikely.
The dream of a March rate cut has survived the December jobs report.
The November jobs numbers were a kick in the teeth to traders betting that the Federal Reserve would start cutting rates in March.
While there’s been a lot of chatter over the past few days about the September jobs figures being weaker than they looked, the numbers do not really support the negative interpretation.
Today’s JOLTS data provided reassurance to monetary policymakers that inflationary pressures from the labor market may be retreating.
The strength of the labor market has made “jobs” a far less important political issue going into the 2024 election.
President Joe Biden’s economic policies are top-down big government crony capitalism predicated on the false notion that he inherited an “economic catastrophe,” Breitbart Economics Editor John Carney said in a Friday interview with Fox Business host Larry Kudlow.
Today’s jobs report data is likely enough to lock-in a Fed rate hike.
While the notion that the labor market has been softening underneath the strong headline figures is increasingly popular, the evidence marshaled to support it is not very strong.
You could not wish for a better illustration of how hard it is to read the economic signals these days than the dueling services sector purchasing managers indexes released on Monday.
A decline in the self-employed gig economy could be pulling more workers into payroll jobs while also increasing the unemployment rate, Breitbart Economics Editor John Carney explained.
The labor market is putting the Federal Reserve to the test.
And how can the rise in unemployment be reconciled with the huge job gains?
Payrolls were expected to rise by 178,000 and unemployment to tick up to 3.6 percent.
The March jobs numbers that will be reported out of the Department of Labor on Friday may be some of the most consequential of the post-pandemic era.
Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell introduced a third dimension to the Fed’s monetary policy: the pace of interest rate hikes.
On Friday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “The Story,” White House Council of Economic Advisers member Jared Bernstein stated that economic numbers “are wholly inconsistent with a recessionary call in near-time.” Host Martha MacCallum asked, “You said back at
During an interview aired on Friday’s edition of Bloomberg’s “Wall Street Week,” Harvard Professor, economist, Director of the National Economic Council under President Barack Obama, and Treasury Secretary under President Bill Clinton Larry Summers stated that while the December jobs
On Friday’s broadcast of Bloomberg’s “Wall Street Week,” White House Council of Economic Advisers member Jared Bernstein praised Harvard Professor and economist Larry Summers as someone who has “been very prescient going back a ways here.” In a clip played
On Tuesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “Early Start,” Professor of Economics at Harvard University and former International Monetary Fund Chief Economist Ken Rogoff said “the odds are very high” that the U.S. economy will go into a recession, we should expect
What Jerome Powell giveth, the labor market taketh away.
This week we will see crucial evidence on the progress of the Federal Reserve’s campaign to loosen labor market conditions.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
