Headline:
 noncitizen voting 

Article Text:
 “At some point voters are going hold their Democratic senators accountable,” Rep. Bryan Steil (R-WI) said while discussing the SAVE Act on Breitbart News Daily.
New York’s highest court has delivered the final blow to an attempt by state Democrats to extend voting rights to nearly a million foreign nationals.
MI State Rep. Bryan Posthumus (R) said it is crucial that only citizens can vote in the state’s elections.
The non-citizen population in the United States has grown so fast that it could swing 12 states toward the Democrats’ presidential candidate if the foreigners were allowed to vote, says the non-partisan Center for Immigration Studies.
A conservative watchdog group is calling a ruling by the Arizona Superior Court pertaining to a list of noncitizens registered to vote a “huge win.”
WASHINGTON, DC – Federal law allows Gov. Glenn Youngkin (R) to stop noncitizen voting by removing noncitizens from Virginia voter rolls, the U.S. Supreme Court ordered on Wednesday in a massive win for President Donald Trump, Republicans, and election integrity supporters.
The state of Ohio has announced charges against six people accused of voting illegally as non-citizens in several elections, Attorney General Dave Yost (R) announced Tuesday.
Virginia is being sued by the Department of Justice (DOJ) over Republican Gov. Glenn Youngkin’s enforcement of a measure aimed at culling noncitizens from the voter rolls — a law introduced by former Gov. Tim Kaine (D), which the DOJ previously approved.
A federal judge has ruled that the Alabama secretary of state’s program that flagged thousands of registered voters as noncitizens must stop until after the November election.
The Department of Justice (DOJ) announced that it was filing a lawsuit against the “State of Virginia, Virginia State Board of Elections and Virginia Commissioner of Elections” over the state’s enforcement of a 2006 law, removing non-citizens from voter lists.
President Joe Biden’s (D) U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) is suing Alabama for trying to remove noncitizens from its voter rolls as the November election quickly approaches.
House Speaker Mike Johnson told Senate Republicans to strip the SAVE Act from the government funding legislation once the House passes the bill, senior aides from two different GOP U.S. Senate offices who support the SAVE Act being part of government funding efforts told Breitbart News on Thursday.
Sen. Rick Scott (R-FL) told reporters at the Republican Jewish Coalition (RJC) annual leadership meeting that if Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) refuses to allow a vote on a bill to require proof of citizenship to vote in U.S. elections, and the government shuts down as a result, that will be his own fault.
Florida Senate candidate Debbie Mucarsel-Powell is campaigning on protecting democracy, but she appears more passionate about election integrity overseas than in her own nation.
Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton is opening an investigation into reports that organizations may be registering illegal immigrants to vote.
Sen. Roger Marshall is introducing legislation to prevent the District of Columbia from giving municipal voting rights to illegal aliens.
The New York City Council is begging an appellate court to authorize more than 800,000 foreign nationals to vote in the city’s municipal elections.
A New York appeals court upheld a prior ruling that struck down a New York City law giving local voting rights to nearly a million foreign nationals.
The Public Interest Legal Foundation (PILF) is suing election officials in Alameda County, California, which includes Oakland and Berkeley, for refusing to disclose those foreign nationals who are on the voter rolls and have voted in past elections.
The overwhelming majority of general election voters say only American citizens should be allowed to vote in United States elections, a new poll exclusively shared with Breitbart News finds.
Rep. Nicole Malliotakis (R-NY) is accusing New York City officials of attempting to register to vote newly arrived border crossers and illegal aliens living in city-contracted shelters.
Voters in Santa Ana, California, a deep-blue city in Orange County, will soon decide whether or not to give local voting rights to potentially tens of thousands of foreign nationals, including illegal aliens.
Democrat legislators in Massachusetts are looking to give foreign nationals on green cards the right to vote in municipal elections.
Prior to the 2014 elections, the North Carolina State Board of Elections flagged more than 1,400 registered voters as foreign nationals.
Almost 400 foreign nationals have been found on voter rolls in Cook County, Illinois, home to the city of Chicago, and subsequently asked to have their registrations canceled since 2007, according to election data shared with Breitbart News.
Chicago Mayor-elect Brandon Johnson (D) is hoping to transform Illinois’s most populous city with his progressive agenda, including opening local school board elections to illegal aliens, among other foreign nationals.
The Immigration Reform Law Institute (IRLI) filed a lawsuit challenging Washington, DC’s, new law that expands voting privileges to certain noncitizens.
Immigration Reform Law Institute (IRLI) litigation director Christopher Hajec spoke with Breitbart News about IRLI’s lawsuit challenging a law in the nation’s capital that is a “direct attack” on Americans’ rights by allowing noncitizens to vote in local elections.
Republicans are suing the town of Winooski, Vermont, to prevent a local ordinance that allows foreign nationals to vote in school board elections.
Democrats in Connecticut and Rhode Island are pushing legislation to allow illegal aliens, along with foreign nationals on visas and green cards, to vote in local and state elections.
House and Senate Republicans are seeking to overturn a new law, approved by Democrats on the Washington, DC City Council, which extends municipal voting rights to illegal aliens.
After mistakenly sending mailers to more than 31,000 foreign nationals urging them to register to vote, Colorado Secretary of State Jena Griswold’s (D) Office “focused on damage control,” according to an analysis of internal communication records between officials involved in the mishap.
Louisiana voters approved an amendment on Saturday clarifying in the state’s constitution that foreign nationals are not to vote in local and state elections. Federal election laws already ban foreign nationals from voting.
The most Democrat region of Oregon rejected a ballot initiative to allow foreign nationals to vote in local elections.
Democrats on the Washington, DC, City Council have approved a plan that would allow foreign nationals, including illegal aliens, to vote in local elections.
A handful of black Americans, residing in New York City, have filed a federal lawsuit against the city’s Board of Elections for a local law that would allow nearly a million foreign nationals to vote in citywide elections.
A Democrat Councilwoman says not allowing foreign nationals to vote is “a form of racist gerrymandering” while mass migration activists are vowing to appeal a decision striking down noncitizen voting in New York City elections.
New York officials are celebrating after the state’s Supreme Court struck down a Democrat-passed law that gave municipal voting rights to foreign nationals living in New York City.
The New York Supreme Court has struck down a New York City law, passed by Democrats late last year, that sought to give municipal voting rights to nearly a million foreign nationals.
The state of Pennsylvania must disclose the voting history of foreign nationals who were wrongfully added to the state’s voter rolls due to a “glitch,” a federal judge has ruled.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
