Headline:
 Dr. Sebastian Gorka 

Article Text:
 Today marks our 100th day in office, and we are always answerable to the American people on any day, so here are the things 77 million citizen should know about what President Trump has achieved to make America safe again.
We can be safe again if President Trump and his approach of Surgical Strength are back in the White House.
Who do you trust with our country’s future? The “childless cabal” driven by a radical and perverse leftwing ideology, or fathers you are prepared to die for the Stars and Stripes?
Moments after the shots rang out in Butler, Pennsylvania, a colleague and good friend texted me one word: “Unbelievable.” He was wrong.
Yes the trial was rigged. This was a political operation not even thinly veiled as a judicial proceeding.
What is MAGA? What does Make America Great Again mean? Here is a first cut of the new Make America Great Again Manifesto.
Antisemitism is a problem in America, but not because of President Trump. It’s a problem because of the Democrat Party’s normalization of anti-Israel policies and anti-Jewish calumnies.
After what happened to Israel on October 7, no one can deny the mainstreaming of rabid antisemitism on the Left.
After the horrific events in Israel, the protests here in America, and the occupation of Congress last Wednesday, I wrote this letter to my children.
As a former Senator from Illinois once notoriously stated: “Elections have consequences.” The world is once again on fire because America is led by cowards who hate America.
Dr. Sebastian Gorka asks: Do you recognize the country we live in? I don’t.
It is said that Lavrentiy Beria, the founder of the proto-KGB, had a motto: “Show me the man, and I will find you the crime.” We have arrived that point in America.
Spare a thought for the invisible victims of Special Counsel Jack Smith’s state-sponsored political persecution: humble, hardworking Americans like President Trump’s butler Walt Nauta and Mar-a-Lago’s property manager Carlos De Oliveira.
If justice isn’t blind, then you have no rights.
“Sound of Freedom” is a beautifully made movie and also a very important movie shining a light on the issue of child sex trafficking.
The Russia Revolution of 1917 brought us the Soviet Union, the Warsaw Pact, gulags, the Holomodor, and the Cold War, which although it may have been “cold,” still resulted in the deaths of 100 million innocent people. As a result, last weekend’s “news” about thousands of mercenaries heading to Moscow to take over the government from Vladimir Putin was disturbing, to say the least.
Do Americans still like a fighter? What happened to the mantra of “Rugged Individualism?” Well, if the reaction to a certain incident that happened a while ago in the Rose Garden is a metric, that sentiment is still alive. But is must be rekindled if we are to save America from those who hate it.
After the midterm elections, there will be an expectation that the Republican Party get serious. Not business as usual. Not the “Let’s treat the Democrats as a normal party” attitude, but let’s get to the bottom of the corruption that is rife across this nation, and especially in the White House.
Donald Trump, the man, has always been a fighter and a patriot. Now it’s time to fight like he’s never fought before.
The following is an exclusive excerpt from Sebastian Gorka’s new book, The War for America’s Soul: Donald Trump, the Left’s Assault on America, and How We Take Back Our Country, available from Regnery.
For full disclosure: I know more than most about the intersection between the Republican presidential candidate and national security.
It’s official. The Administration of President Barack Obama does not want you to understand the danger that you, your friends, your family, and your loved ones are in.
As Donald Trump’s lead amongst Republic presidential candidates shows signs of faltering, conservative blue-on-blue attacks will exponentially increase as those who feel they have the most to gain from the fall of “the Donald” position themselves against their rivals for the candidacy crown.
After Friday’s deadly jihadist attacks in France, Tunisia and Kuwait, Prime Mister David Cameron has stated that ISIS is an existential threat to the West. Today’s anniversary of the re-establishment of the Caliphate give us good cause to assess the threat to America in this, the first part of a two part piece by Dr. Sebastian Gorka.
With its support of the Baghdad government and the wrong rebels in Syria, the US Administration is doing the unthinkable: strengthening the spread of Tehran’s control in the Middle East and at the same time also helping the Sunni extremists to grow in power.
By allowing ideology to trump good national security practice, the administration’s recent summit on “Violent Extremism” has empowered America’s enemies.
In the recently released, but largely unheralded, National Security Strategy of the United States, the new buzz-word was “strategic patience.” As our unarmed Marines hastily departed Yemen, and ISIS closed in on their fellow devil-dogs in Iraq, the President was more than showing patience: he was making video about taking selfies.
Many expect a smoking gun to be found in the 28 still-classified pages of the official 9/11 Commission Report, evidence linking Saudi Arabia to Al Qaeda. The truth about the Kingdom’s links to the Global Jihadi Movement is historic and already established.
In George Orwell’s landmark novel 1984, Big Brother’s dictatorial state uses “newspeak” and its Ministry of Truth to turn falsehood into manufactured “truth” and reality into lies. The administration’s explanation of what drives the terrorists responsible for 9/11, the Fort Hood shooting, and the Boston bombing sounds everyday more and more like a product of The Ministry of Truth.
Since 2008, the world has become a significantly more dangerous place. In every region, new threats have emerged or old ones have reasserted them. The scorecard is clear: the bad guys are winning and America’s interests are being undermined daily.
Just a day after the Democrat-driven release of the report on the CIA’s “Enhanced Interrogations,” the news cycle is once again being driven by the issue of state-sanctioned torture, despite the program the report covers having ended many years ago.
100 years ago today, the last Caliph, or emperor of Islam, declared the last Jihad against the infidel– and today is the first time ever that the National Cathedral in the nation’s capital will host Muslim prayers. Most American’s will
Twenty five years ago yesterday the Cold War official ended. With the collapse of the Berlin Wall, the West, led by America, triumphed over the murderous ideology of Communism. Two Gulf wars, the 9/11 attacks and the invasion of Afghanistan
A new jihadist group able to recruit thousands of foreign fighters controlling territory larger than the UK; Russia invading its neighbor, flying bombers off the coast of California and sending subs into Swedish territorial waters; Snowden taking millions of classified
Clearly, for some, 2016 is just around the corner. For weeks now there is scuttlebutt about presidential candidate repeat-offender Mitt Romney running yet again, and now Rand Paul is drastically watering down his isolationist and conspiracy-laden past in the hopes
First it was 1991, then we returned in 2003. Today, it is 2014, and America is again at war in the Middle East–but now it is Syria and not just Iraq. Despite decades’ worth of analysis followed by military actions,
In what could have been a seminal wartime address to the nations of the world at the UN today, instead of rallying the West and her regional allies against the barbarity of the Global Jihadist Movement, President Obama chose to reinforce
Today on the thirteenth anniversary of the 9/11 attacks the media cycle is being driven by President Obama’s speech last night in which he informed the world of his plans for Iraq and Syria. How different would our response as
Henry Kissinger, Washington’s doyen of the national security elite, is calling for America to collaborate in establishing a new world order.  We invite our readers to read his Wall Street Journal think piece and ask whether the United States has common
Ralph Peters, the iconoclastic author and military strategist has been very vocal of late regarding US national security policy and the growth of the global jihadist movement. A former US Army intelligence officer and enlisted man, he is a prolific




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
