Headline:
 Actor Zachary Levi Explains Why He’s Supporting Trump And His ‘Avengers’ 

Article Text:
 'For four years, the world didn’t blow up,' Levi said. 'Our economy was better. Our border was better.'
“Shazam!” star Zachary Levi spoke out about why he’s supporting former President Donald Trump and the team he referred to as Trump’s  “Avengers.”
Speaking on “The Megyn Kelly Show,” the 44-year-old actor said he hadn’t voted for Trump in the last two elections, but noted that the former president did a “good job” — despite what Trump’s opponents said.
“For four years, the world didn’t blow up,” Levi said. “He didn’t turn into the Nazi, fascist that everybody [said] he was going to be the first time around. We entered no more wars. Our economy was better. Our border was better.”
“Even if I don’t like all of his Trumpiness,” Levi said, that doesn’t change the fact that Vice President Kamala Harris “is not qualified in any way shape or form to be the Commander in Chief, the leader of the free world. Absolutely not.”
Zachary Levi urges Trump voters in Hollywood to speak out and not fear backlash because the industry “is not going to exist very soon.”
“They’ve sent me lots of messages, plenty of people in Hollywood, who are terrified to publicly say they would vote for Donald Trump or be… pic.twitter.com/Wiic2ba8oO
— Variety (@Variety) October 25, 2024
“I think, even if she’s not aware of it, that she would be a puppet of a much more nefarious system that I believe … that really wants us to stay in all these endless wars, keep all of us endlessly sick,” Levi continued. “So, that’s it to me.”
Kelly said there were likely others who have mixed feelings about Trump, but who might be swayed by the team Trump has assembled around him — people like X-owner Elon Musk, former Rep. Tulsi Gabbard, and former independent presidential candidate Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Levi agreed, and said that he did not see it as just voting for Donald Trump — rather, he was “voting for Donald Trump, Bobby Kennedy, Tulsi Gabbard, Vivek Ramaswamy, Elon Musk, JD Vance, and everyone else that they’re going to bring in this team, this Avengers,” Levi said. “They’re going to get in there and actually do what Donald Trump said he was going to do the first time, which was drain the swamp.”
“And now Trump is privately funding his own transition team, not waiting for the government, so they are ready to go, and they are not compromised,” he added. “That is the government that I want … Bobby and Tulsi are going to be let loose, to be the bulldogs that we need to hold people to account, and by the way, unable to do it fairly. They will do it civilly. They will do it in love.”
Levi made headlines last month when he became one of the rare voices in Hollywood to endorse Trump, saying he believed the former president would “take back this country” and “make it great again,” as The Daily Wire reported.
Related: Actor Zachary Levi Endorses Trump: ‘We Are Going To Take Back This Country’
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
