Headline:
 Biden Declares Trump Supporters Are ‘Garbage’ 

Article Text:
 Biden's remarks generated a firestorm online.
President Joe Biden declared supporters of former President Donald Trump to be “garbage” during a campaign call Tuesday night.
“Donald Trump has no character. He doesn’t give a damn about the Latino community,” Biden said, according to NBC News Senior White House Correspondent Gabe Gutierrez.
“Just the other day, a speaker at his rally called Puerto Rico a floating island of garbage,” Biden continued, referencing remarks that were made at Trump’s rally at Madison Square Garden in New York City over the weekend by an insult comedian.
“The only garbage I see floating out there is his supporters,” Biden said. “His demonization of Latinos is unconscionable, and it’s un-American. It’s totally contrary to everything we’ve done, everything we’ve been.”
WATCH: President Joe Biden: “The only garbage I see floating out there is [Trump] supporters.” pic.twitter.com/9teSUOytqC
— Steve Guest (@SteveGuest) October 30, 2024
The remarks from Biden in the final days of the 2024 presidential election undercut the message about “joy” and “turning the page” that his vice president, Kamala Harris, is pushing as the Democrat presidential nominee.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
Biden’s divisive rhetoric comes after Trump has survived two assassination attempts over the last several months.
Pres. Biden tonight:
“Donald Trump has no character. He doesn’t give a damn about the Latino community…just the other day, a speaker at his rally called Puerto Rico a floating island of garbage?…The only garbage I see floating out there is his supporters.”
— Gabe Gutierrez (@gabegutierrez) October 29, 2024
Donald Trump Jr. responded to the remarks by saying: “Holy s***. The media spent all week crying about a joke from a comedian.”
“Meanwhile, Tim Walz called Trump supporters Nazis,” he continued. “Kamala Harris refused to condemn it. And now Kamala’s biggest Democrat ally, Joe Biden, is calling all Trump supporters ‘garbage.’ Absolutely disgusting!!!”
This is a breaking news story; refresh the page for updates.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
