Headline:
 ‘Desperate’: Kellyanne Conway Rebukes Mark Cuban For Suggesting Trump Avoids ‘Strong’ Women 

Article Text:
 The comment indicates a lack of faith in Kamala, GOP strategist says.
Kellyanne Conway fired back at Mark Cuban after the billionaire surrogate for Vice President Kamala Harris in the 2024 White House race suggested former President Donald Trump avoids surrounding himself with capable and smart women.
During an appearance Thursday on ABC’s “The View,” Cuban said, “Donald Trump, you never see him around strong, intelligent women. Ever. It’s just that simple. They’re intimidating to him. He doesn’t like to be challenged by them.” Conway, a GOP strategist who helped lead Trump’s 2016 presidential campaign to victory and later served as a top aide in his White House, responded to Cuban during a phone interview with Fox News.
“It just shows how desperate and concerned they are that they are not certain that they’re supporting a strong, intelligent woman for president,” Conway said, adding that Harris is “down in the polls or maybe tied. And I’m standing here from the Ellipse with the White House in the background without a teleprompter, because I’m able to speak with you. The place where I worked for four years for President Trump.”
Conway alluded to her speech to the Republican National Convention, when she talked about a senior staff meeting in the White House, and mentioned other women who worked with in the Trump administration, including: Brooke Rollins, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, Mercedes Schlapp, and Trump’s daughter Ivanka Trump.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
“Between the five of us. We have 19 children at the time, ages 2 through 16. We had the highest rank in the White House as strong, intelligent women. Show me a C-suite in America. Hey, show me any of Mark Cuban’s entrepreneurial pursuits where some of the top positions are being held by working moms whose kids are ages 2 through 16. You’re not going to find that,” Conway said.
Conway talked about how Cuban’s remarks were just the latest to disparage Trump’s supporters, shortly after President Joe Biden called them “garbage” this week. And Hillary Clinton, who lost to Trump in the 2016 presidential election, described her rival’s backers as being “irredeemable” and in a “basket full of deplorables.”
She said: “It really doesn’t matter to me what desperate people say. What I care about is defending the tens of millions of strong, intelligent women who are going to vote for Donald Trump next Tuesday and already have. And whether it’s Joe Biden calling us ‘garbage’ or mega MAGA extremists, Hillary with the ‘deplorable,’ ‘irredeemable,’ and now Mark Cuban questioning that women around Donald Trump would not be strong or intelligent. They are losing this election based on their elitism and their direct insults to the American people.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
