Headline:
 Elon Musk Gives Estimate Of How Much Waste He Can Cut From Federal Spending 

Article Text:
 "We're going to get the government off your back and out of your pocketbook," he said.
X owner Elon Musk said at Republican nominee Donald Trump’s rally at Madison Square Garden on Sunday that he believes he can cut trillions of dollars in wasteful government spending from the U.S. budget.
Musk’s remarks come as Trump has stated that he will put Musk in charge of a new government efficiency commission that will look at ways of cutting spending, a effort that Musk has more than welcomed to lead.
“How much do you think we can rip out of this wasted $6.5 trillion Harris-Biden budget?” Musk was asked on stage.
“Well, I think we can do at least $2 trillion,” Musk said. “I mean, at the end of the day, you’re being taxed. You’re being taxed. All government spending is taxation. So whether it’s direct taxation or — all government spending, either it becomes inflation or it’s direct taxation — your money is being wasted, and the Department of Government Efficiency is going to fix that.”
“We’re going to get the government off your back and out of your pocketbook,” he said.
He continued, “America is not just going to be great. America is going to reach heights that it has never seen before. The future is going to be amazing.”
WATCH:
.@ElonMusk says that he believes that he can reduce the annual federal budget by $2 trillion per year.
Adds that the Trump administration is going to get the government “off your back and out of your pocket book” pic.twitter.com/j9pWs1QroL
— Ryan Saavedra (@RealSaavedra) October 27, 2024
Musk also urged everyone at the rally to take voting seriously and to get it done as soon as possible and to not wait.
He called the election a “real battle” and told people take their friends and families to the polls.
.@ElonMusk with a call to action urging everyone to vote as early as possible: “This is a real battle” pic.twitter.com/NVASHBzoKw
— Ryan Saavedra (@RealSaavedra) October 27, 2024
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
