Headline:
 Media Uncovers Shocking Trump-Nazi Link You’ll Never Believe 

Article Text:
 Hitler sat at a table. Trump sat at a table. Hitler wore a suit. Trump wore a suit.
As you’ve probably heard by now, Donald Trump held a Nazi rally at Madison Square Garden on Sunday. Sure, it wasn’t a Nazi rally by name. He didn’t call it a Nazi rally. There wasn’t any Nazi paraphernalia or Nazi flags or swastikas. There wasn’t anything Nazi related at all. But he did hold his rally in a venue where Nazis held a rally back in 1939. Is that a coincidence? The Nazis rallied at Madison Square Garden and then suddenly, practically the very next day — or, like, 31 thousand days later, give or take, but who’s counting — Donald Trump and his MAGA minions are gathering at the exact same spot. What other conclusion can we draw here?
If Nazis were in a certain venue and then 85 years later other people are in the same venue, are we not forced to conclude that the second group of people must also be Nazis? Is it conceivable that two different groups, separated by nearly a century, could gather in the same building for different reasons? No, it is not conceivable. It is, in fact, impossible.
That’s the math that the media and the Kamala Harris campaign are doing. Here was Tim Walz sending up the warning flag before the rally:


A direct parallel, he says. What is the parallel? Well, how much more explicit can it be? There were Nazis in that building 85 years ago. Then on Sunday other people were in the building. The Nazi building. What would they be doing there, except Nazi stuff?
This is the point that many high profile Democrats made. Hillary Clinton denounced the rally as a Nazi gathering.
As she put it, Trump is “reenacting” the Nazi rally:

No, we can’t ignore it. She’s right.
MSNBC made the case as well:

There you have it. If you aren’t convinced, you can read the Washington Post column published on Monday with this headline: “Another night at the Garden: How Trump’s rally echoed one in 1939.” You should read the piece, but in case you don’t have time: it echoed the Nazi rally because it was in the same place as a Nazi rally. That’s the whole argument. And what other argument needs to be made? It’s utterly decisive.
Meanwhile, Mika Brzezinski appeared as a guest on “The View” on Monday, where she nearly brought the collective IQ at the table to room temperature level. It was slightly above room temperature before she got there. Mika warned that we are in the “final hours” and must do everything we can to stop the man who holds “Nazi-type rallies”:

Now you might ask: isn’t Madison Square Garden a major venue where lots of events are held every week? Yes, and that should tell you the scope of this problem. In fact, I went on Ticketmaster this morning and saw that there is a Cyndi Lauper concert — the “Girls Just Wanna Have Fun” tour — happening at Madison Square Garden this week. This is tragic for her fans, but the conclusion is inescapable: Cyndi Lauper is a Nazi. Girls just wanna be Nazis, apparently. Duran Duran is holding a Nazi rally the very next day at MSG. Nazism is absolutely rife in the 80s music scene. 90s bands aren’t much better. As you can see if you check the events schedule, Dave Matthews Band and Creed are having their own Nazi rallies at Madison Square Garden in November. I’m not surprised about Creed, frankly, but I’m very disappointed in Dave Matthews.
Here’s an interesting and disturbing note: The New York Knicks are having 41 Nazi rallies at Madison Square Garden in the next few months. Nazism is alive and well among NBA players, just as we always suspected.
This is the way it works now. Every large gathering of people is a Nazi rally if it happens at a place where there was once a large gathering of Nazis. Of course, needless to say, this doesn’t count the 1992 DNC held at Madison Square Garden, or the Ralph Nader Green Party rally in 2000. There are exceptions to every rule. Let’s not dwell on those. Let’s just get back to the main point, which is that Donald Trump is literally a Nazi.
Maybe you aren’t convinced yet. Maybe, in your wild imagination, you have concocted fanciful hypothetical scenarios where Trump held a rally in Madison Square Garden because it’s a really big arena that fits lots of people, and not because Nazi sympathizers gathered there eight and a half decades ago. I find that sort of speculation to be ludicrous, but fine. Then how do you explain the other parallels between Trump and Hitler?
Consider this. Donald Trump, as you may have noticed, almost always wears suits. It seems kind of odd. In an era where most politicians are dressing more casually, Trump insists on the suit. Sort of a strange quirk. It doesn’t really make sense. Until you connect the dots.
As you can see here, someone else has also been documented wearing suits:
This is deeply troubling. Adolf Hitler was known to sit at a table and eat dinner. Donald Trump has also been documented sitting at tables and eating dinner. Is this just a “coincidence,” or is it yet another Nazi MAGA dog whistle? pic.twitter.com/BeJLoT2UmZ
— Matt Walsh (@MattWalshBlog) October 28, 2024
The parallels run even deeper. Recall that infamous photo of Trump eating a taco salad on Cinco De Mayo. That was traumatizing already just for the cultural appropriation alone. Not to mention the fact that he didn’t even have guacamole on his taco salad, which is a totally bizarre and inexplicable choice.
Instead, think about how he was eating the salad. He was sitting in a chair at a table. Again: that seems strange. You think to yourself: why is he eating at a table? Why a table, of all things? Well, it turns out that someone else was also photographed eating dinner at a table:
This is deeply troubling. Adolf Hitler was known to sit at a table and eat dinner. Donald Trump has also been documented sitting at tables and eating dinner. Is this just a “coincidence,” or is it yet another Nazi MAGA dog whistle? pic.twitter.com/BeJLoT2UmZ
— Matt Walsh (@MattWalshBlog) October 28, 2024
Have you seen enough yet? How many coincidences do you need? Hitler sat at a table. Trump sat at a table. Hitler wore a suit. Trump wore a suit. People who liked Hitler went to Madison Square Garden once. Trump went to Madison Square Garden. The conclusion follows with mathematical certainty: Trump is a Nazi. Cyndi Lauper is a Nazi. The Knicks are Nazis. The dots all connect. Once you see it, you can’t unsee it.
I think I’ve proven the case beyond any reasonable doubt at this point. But I do want to address the most outlandish rebuttal from the Nazi sympathizers. They will sometimes point out that Trump was actually already president. He was in office for an entire term. If he’s a fascist dictator, then we should be able to look and see that he did a whole bunch of fascist dictator stuff while in office. But, as these naysayers point out, he didn’t. In fact, Trump was the first president in decades to refrain from starting any new wars or invading any new countries.
Trump did not use his presidential powers to install himself as a dictator for life. He did not end democracy. He did not take any steps to make himself into the autocratic ruler of the country. In fact, Trump signed fewer executive orders than Obama, Bush, and Clinton. If you’re judging Trump by how he actually governed, you are forced to conclude that he was the least power hungry president in the past 100 years. He was remarkably restrained, if anything. At least that’s how the argument goes.
I find it deeply unconvincing. Just because Trump didn’t do something in the past, that doesn’t mean he won’t do it in the future. Indeed, the fact that he didn’t do it in the past only means that he will do it in the future. Think about it. As an analogy, Trump was the burglar casing the house before he makes his move. Just because the burglar drives away without stealing anything, doesn’t mean that he won’t in the future. Of course, in this case, the burglar was actually in the house, for four years, and didn’t do anything. Actually if a burglar is in your house for four years and doesn’t steal anything then it’s really good evidence that he’s not a burglar. So that analogy isn’t helpful. But forget about that.
The point is that this is all part of Donald Trump’s plan. He refrained from anointing himself Supreme Ruler during his first term, only so that we would be lulled into a false sense of security. He is like a snake, coiled up and waiting to strike. He is a Hitler who didn’t govern like Hitler, so that later he could govern like Hitler. It’s all part of the plan, part of the spell that he casts. And you know who else casts spells? Well, that’s Voldemort actually. But also Hitler. Think about it.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
