Headline:
 ‘Speak Even If Your Voice Shakes’: Gina Carano Rouses Trump Supporters In Vegas 

Article Text:
 "I was targeted, discriminated against, shamed, and fired from one of the most powerful entertainment companies in the world," Carano said.
Actress Gina Carano took the stage in Las Vegas to talk to supporters of former President Donald Trump and explained why it’s important to “speak even if your voice shakes.”
During the Turning Point Action rally on Thursday for Trump, Carano started out her speech pointing to celebrities who say they will leave the country if Trump wins the election and said, regardless of who wins on November 5, she will stay and fight for America.
She said she suspects those celebrities will end up leaving the country, too, if Vice President Kamala Harris wins, once the Democrats have “installed a government” that “seeks to destroy us.”
“I’m an actress who got my start professional fighting right here in your mixed martial arts gyms in Las Vegas. … I’d rather be being punched in the face than giving a speech right now, but I’m doing this for America,’ Carano said.
“I’m doing this because this election is so important, it’s so valuable,” she added. “I didn’t actually start voting until 2020, and I realized that, my gosh, there was such a prejudice here. I was voting for who I thought was the best candidate, and that was Donald Trump, and that still is Donald Trump.”
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ COMING TO DAILYWIRE+ OCT. 28
“I was targeted, discriminated against, shamed, and fired from one of the most powerful entertainment companies in the world [Disney],” Carano continued. “They fired me at the height of my career. … I mean, they’ve gone out of the way to make an example out of me. But I think by the grace of God, he’s helping me make an example out of them. I’m currently suing Disney with Elon Musk’s and X’s backing.”


A post shared by G I N A J🖤Y C A R A N O (@ginajcarano)
Later, she called on Trump supporters in Nevada to get out and vote and make the election an “overwhelming majority vote for Donald Trump.”
“I want to encourage you to never give up,” the actress explained. “Cast your vote. This is our first and most important step toward saving America. It is the healthiest act. It is the right thing to do so we do not look back and say we didn’t go through the motions of the best possible outcome.”
“Don’t get cocky — we’ve seen how easily votes can change in the middle of election night,” she added. “Make this election overwhelmingly obvious. I truly hope this is the start of the great awakening.”
Later, in a post on Instagram, Carano wrote about “electric night” and said, “Speak even if your voice shakes…Thank you for the beautiful reception today. All my love! Keep voting, don’t let up. Make it overwhelming. The time is now. Glory to God.”
The star of the DailyWire+ film “Terror on the Prairie” filed a wrongful termination lawsuit against Disney and Luscasfilm after she was fired from the “Star Wars” spinoff series “The Mandalorian” over what it deemed “offensive” social media posts.
The trial is scheduled to begin on September 29, 2025.
Related: Gina Carano Celebrates After Disney Loses Effort To Stall Her Suit
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
