Headline:
 Spin Cycle: The Russians — We Mean The Nazis — Are Coming! 

Article Text:
 "Do I think that Donald Trump has fascist tendencies?"
For those who don’t spend their Sunday mornings glued to the television — and their Sunday afternoons attempting to dig through a week’s worth of network and cable news media spin — The Daily Wire has compiled a short summary of what you may have missed.
On Sunday, with just nine days to go before the general election on November 5, Democrats and their media surrogates were working overtime to make comparisons between former President Donald Trump and Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler stick.
Ever since Trump announced his plan to hold a massive rally on Sunday at New York City’s premier venue Madison Square Garden, Democrats have attempted to draw a straight line between the Nazi rally that was held there in 1939 to the former president’s campaign event. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton — who lost her second bid for the presidency to Trump in 2016 — went so far as to call Trump’s rally “a reenactment” of the 1939 event.
“Donald Trump’s got this big rally going at Madison Square Garden,” Governor Tim Walz (D-MN), running for the vice presidency alongside Vice President Kamala Harris, told supporters in Nevada. “There’s a direct parallel to a big rally that happened in the mid-1930s at Madison Square Garden.”
All week, the Harris-Walz campaign and Democrats in the media ran with a story from The Atlantic that quoted former Trump White House Chief of Staff John Kelly as saying Trump effectively idolized Hitler and wanted his top brass to be more like “the German generals.” Several who worked for or alongside Kelly — like Mercedes Schlapp and former White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer — dismissed his claims as false, but media outlets kept the story going anyway.
On the Sunday morning talk shows, the comparisons were slightly less blatant — but they still hammered the point home with hosts and guests hinting that Trump, despite implementing nothing of the sort during his first term in office, would bring about a new fascism in theUnited States if elected to a second term.
On ABC’s “This Week,” billionaire and Harris surrogate Mark Cuban did the heavy lifting, telling host Jonathan Karl that he “absolutely” believed Trump had “fascist tendencies” that he would be unable to resist.
Karl pointed out that both the Trump camp and the Harris camp had pointed fingers across the aisle, arguing that if the other side were to win it could be the end of the United States as Americans today know it.
“Hyperbole is nothing new,” Cuban began, but he went on to suggest that he believed Harris was more than likely correct in her assessment of Trump. “Do I think that Donald Trump has fascist tendencies? Absolutely. Positively. I do believe Donald Trump poses a threat. I’m not going to say it’s 100 percent, but I think it’s a greater than zero percent. I mean, to me — just look at Jan. 6.”
Billionaire entrepreneur Mark Cuban says that former Pres. Trump "absolutely" has "fascist tendencies."
"Do I think that Donald Trump has fascist tendencies? Absolutely. Positively. I do believe Donald Trump poses a threat … Just look at Jan. 6.” https://t.co/WKidvJUEwm pic.twitter.com/RYCxFCtgt5
— This Week (@ThisWeekABC) October 27, 2024
Cuban went on to admit that originally he had been glad to see Trump run for president, mainly because he was not a “traditional politician” and was likely to shake things up a bit.
“I didn’t think he had a chance to win. But I’m like, ‘This is great. He’s not a traditional politician.’ And I thought that would be a net positive. I was wrong,” Cuban said.
Mark Cuban told @JonKarl that he was pleased when Donald Trump first ran for president.
“I didn't think he had a chance to win. But I'm like, ‘This is great. He's not a traditional politician.’ And I thought that would be a net positive. I was wrong.” https://t.co/YPN6C3zZBv pic.twitter.com/UdFZ0mAnGl
— This Week (@ThisWeekABC) October 27, 2024
On NBC News’ “Meet the Press,” anchor Kristen Welker put the question directly to self-described socialist Senator Bernie Sanders (I-VT), referencing the Atlantic story and John Kelly while noting that Harris had also referred to Trump as a “fascist.”
“I don’t like using those words but clearly he has a strong, strong tendency toward authoritarianism and to undermining American democracy,” Sanders began. “Look, this is a guy who provoked an insurrection on January 6th, 2021, to prevent — and the first time in American history — a peaceful transfer of power.”
“So does Donald Trump believe in democracy, believe in the rule of law? There is a reason, and you raised this a moment ago with Vance, why his own vice president for four years, Mike Pence, says that he is not supporting Donald Trump,” Sanders continued. “Why Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican candidate, not supporting Donald Trump. And it’s not because of policy issues. It is because they understand that Trump is an authoritarian, does not believe in the rule of law, ad for a hundred reasons, is unfit to be President of the United States.”
Welker pressed again, asking whether he thought it was a mistake for Harris to call Trump a fascist, given his own reluctance to do so.
“Well look, he is an auth— call it what you want,” Sanders replied. “This is a guy who does not believe in democracy, who is trying to divide us up. You can describe him as a fascist, you can describe him as authoritarian, but to my mind and what I focus on is what’s happening to the working class in this country.”
WATCH: Kamala Harris has called Donald Trump a "fascist."
Sen. @BernieSanders says he doesn't "like using those words but clearly he has a strong, strong tendency toward authoritarianism. … You can describe him as a fascist." pic.twitter.com/3bSfifMUbh
— Meet the Press (@MeetThePress) October 27, 2024
MSNBC followed up with a chyron during Trump’s rally, once again referencing the 1939 pro-Nazi rally. “Trump’s MSG rally comes 85 years after pro-Nazi rally at famed arena,” the chyron read.
Trump has massive rally at Madison Square Garden
MSNBC: “Trump’s MSG rally comes 85 years after pro-Nazi rally at famed arena”
🤯 pic.twitter.com/sr9Hp2VarX
— Madison Gesiotto Gilbert (@madisongesiotto) October 27, 2024
Former pro-wrestler Hulk Hogan pushed back on the narrative when he appeared at Trump’s massive event on Sunday, telling the hyped-up crowd, “You know something, Trumpomaniacs, I don’t see no stinkin’ Nazis in here. I don’t see no stinkin’ domestic terrorists in here. The only thing I see in here are a bunch of hard-working men and women that are real Americans, brother.”
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
