Headline:
 Tim Pool Announces He Will Broadcast Live From The Daily Wire Studios During Election Week 

Article Text:
 The podcast host will also be with Daily Wire hosts in Nashville to cover election results live on November 5.
Podcast host Tim Pool announced that he’ll be joining The Daily Wire for their big night of election coverage next Tuesday.
He told listeners on Monday, “Ladies and gentlemen, next week for the election, what are we gonna do? We are going to be in Nashville at the Daily Wire studios. We are going to have our own studio set up where on election night, we will have both shows next to each other, and we’re basically going to jump back and forth.”
“Timcast IRL will be live all night,” Pool added. “Daily Wire is planning to do the same thing. And then we’re gonna, at some point get up and I’m gonna go over there, they’re gonna come over here, and it’s gonna be a huge party. So it’s actually really amazing that our crew and their crew and many others that were invited to this big election night party will be involved in this massive show.”
He added, “Not only is Daily Wire inviting a bunch of talent, but they have a bunch of invitees to their party. We are doing something similar. So there’s going to be a bunch of familiar faces. I’m really excited for this.”
Daily Wire co-founder Jeremy Boreing posted on X, “Tim Pool has a sword made from a meteor and once started an entire channel just to monetize his chicken coop. We have Jordan Peterson and sell shampoo on the internet. Join us for the strangest crossover event since RFKjr endorsed Donald Trump. Election Night 2024.”
We’re excited to announce that @Timcast will be broadcasting IRL LIVE from The Daily Wire studios in Nashville for all of election week!
And join Daily Wire live on November 5th for your front-row seat for one of the most consequential nights of our lifetimes. pic.twitter.com/rnRsj743gV
— Daily Wire (@realDailyWire) October 29, 2024
Pool is a political commentator and host of multiple popular podcasts, including “Timcast,” “Tim Pool,” and “Timcast IRL.”  He became popular after live-streaming the 2011 Occupy Wall Street protest in New York City.
MATT WALSH’S ‘AM I RACIST?’ NOW STREAMING ON DAILYWIRE+
History will be made on November 5, and The Daily Wire has your front-row seat to watch it unfold live.
Daily Wire talent including Ben Shapiro, Matt Walsh, Michael Knowles, Andrew Klavan, Jeremy Boreing, and special guests will be up as results roll in, providing in-depth coverage and real-time electoral maps in addition to expert analysis you won’t find anywhere else.
From key battleground updates to exclusive insights, the Election Night coverage you can’t afford to miss is available exclusively at The Daily Wire.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
