Headline:
 4 Pieces Of Terrible News For Kamala — And One More Thing 

Article Text:
 There are four pieces of bad news for Kamala Harris in this supposedly celebratory moment. And after those four, there is one more thing to address.
First, she is not winning big.
Even with all of the positive media coverage of Harris, 33 days having passed and no questions of her, undefined political positions, the fact she’s a complete cipher, and the entire media having gone into spasms of orgasmic joy at Joe Biden no longer being the nominee, she is barely leading nationally. According to the Real Clear Politics polling average, Harris is leading nationally by 1.5 points, which is well within any margin of error.
She is a talentless hack spun into gold; the media are like Rumplestiltskin in the back room, spinning straw into gold. Yet she is not pulling away. In fact, Trump has experienced a slight polling bump in the last couple of days, despite the fact he has not run a particularly disciplined campaign over the course of the last few weeks. He is understaffed. He is underspending online — and still she is not pulling away.
This race is not over, although the media certainly make it seem as though it is. There’s no reason to even play the rest of the ballgame. That could be a problem for Harris because she does not benefit if the perception is that she is going to win big when the reality is this race is dead even.
Bad piece of news number two: It now appears that RFK Jr. is about to drop out of the race and endorse Trump.
He’s supposed to give a big announcement on Friday while in the same location as Trump.
The Real Clear Politics polling average shows the share of the vote for RFK Jr. has dropped fairly significantly over the course of the last few weeks, from 12% to 4-5%. But in a tight race, 4-5% can make a huge difference.
RFK voters in swing states are more likely to be Trump voters than Harris voters. It’s bad news for Harris if RFK drops out, endorses Trump, and then moves over to the Trump campaign and starts actively campaigning against her.
Bad piece of news number three: the economy.
Remember that time that we were all supposed to pretend the economy was soaring and doing amazingly well?
The media expect you to change your mind in order to support whoever the Democratic candidate is. When Joe Biden was the candidate, you were delusional if you didn’t think the economy was doing incredibly well. Kamala Harris became the candidate, and the economy was still incredible.
But now, reports say the U.S. job market has been significantly reduced. According to the Wall Street Journal:
The job market from early 2023 through early this year wasn’t as hot as it seemed at the time, new government data suggested Wednesday.
Compared with the still-official numbers, employers might have added 818,000 fewer jobs in the 12 months through March, the Labor Department said. That means the economy could have added around 178,000 jobs a month over that period, as opposed to the current estimate of 246,000 jobs a month.
That is a major downgrade to the perception of the employment market. This is also breaking in advance of the Federal Reserve preparing to lower the interest rates. The idea here would be that the economy has slowed significantly more than was previously perceived, and that means they really need to blow more money into an economy that is currently running about 2.9% year on year inflation, which is still significantly higher than the 2% that the Federal Reserve typically seeks.
This is not good economic news for Kamala Harris.
Trump said at a rally on Wednesday (and also posted on Truth Social), “The Harris-Biden administration has been caught fraudulently manipulating job statistics to hide the true extent of the economic ruin that they’ve inflicted on America. The new data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that the administration padded the numbers with an extra — listen to this one — 818,000 jobs that don’t exist. So they said they existed and they never did exist. They built them up so that they could say what a wonderful job they’re doing.”
He was correct.
So that’s bad piece of news number three.
Bad piece of news number four: Harris’ actions as the immigration “border czar” have been an abject failure on every possible level. (Unless you think that the purpose of the Democratic Party’s immigration policy is to import millions of people and then give them amnesty.)
How bad is the Biden-Harris border policy? According to the New York Post:
The Biden-Harris administration has lost track of more than 320,000 migrant children who crossed the border without parents, according to a shocking new report.
Untold numbers of the children — who were released into the US to “qualified sponsors” — are now at risk of sex trafficking, forced labor and other forms of exploitation, a Homeland Security Inspector General’s report released Monday said.
As of May 2024, there are 291,000 migrant children who arrived in the US as unaccompanied minors who were set free and never given a date to appear in immigration court — meaning there is no way to track their whereabouts.
That is in addition to the 32,000 children that Immigration and Customs Enforcement authorities released into the US with hearing dates but then failed to show in court, according to the 14-page report — which tracked a period from October 2018 to September 2023.
One federal whistleblower said that she believes many of these vulnerable kids could already be in the hands of criminals and sex traffickers.
This is insane. Talk about a human rights violation by the Biden administration. Releasing 320,000 minors into the United States with no adult supervision from a family member is patently crazy.
The Post added:
Tara Rodas, who was recruited as a federal government employee to help the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) with an influx of migrant kids in 2021, believed she would be doing noble work. However, she told The Post she was shocked to find she was handing those children to “traffickers, members of transnational criminal organizations, bad actors, bad, bad, bad people.”
So, the four big pieces of bad news for Harris are: She hasn’t finished off Trump. RFK is likely to endorse Trump. Americans who still care about policy might care about their pocketbook. Harris’ immigration policy is a giant failure.
And now, for the final thing: I don’t like the entire Democratic media human centipede peeing on my leg, and then insisting we all dance in the rain.
Stop the lying.
Stop lying to me that Harris is a wondrous politician and a symbol of hope and joy who dances, sings, and cooks rather than stating what she is: a manipulative chameleonic corrupt careerist who shifts her positions and her person at whim — and will not answer a single damned question.
Stop lying to me that Tim Walz is a good old boy and a championship-winning football coach instead of saying what he is: a radical Left-winger who caters to trans politics, lets BLM radicals burn down the major cities in Minnesota, and calls socialism “neighborliness.”
Stop lying to me that Joe Biden is like George Washington, a man willing to sacrifice for the public good, when in reality, Biden is the most corrupt politician of my lifetime. He used his public position to enrich his corrupt, venal family for decades.
Stop lying to me that Barack Obama is a messianic do-gooder, that he’s a man descending from the clouds to bring truths from on high to all of us rather than stating what he is: a manipulative, racially-polarizing machine politician who’s willing to claim the right to steal other people’s money, spend it on his favorite people, divide America based on race, and then make off with hundreds of millions of dollars in book and television contracts, while claiming capitalism is bad and America is unfree.
Stop lying to me that Michelle Obama is a charming figure of unity and one of the great lights of our age instead of saying what she really is: a radical racial leftist worth millions who attended America’s top universities and complains about the evils of America and the “affirmative action of generational wealth” while sitting in one of her three multimillion dollar mansions she earned off the back of being married to Barack Obama as her trust-fund daughters are worth $10 million apiece.
Stop telling me Bill Clinton is a down-home, back-country type when he’s a Yale Law grad who slept with every woman he could find — with or without consent — and stole half the White House on his way out.
Stop telling me Hillary Clinton is a sacrificial public servant when she is a corrupt harridan who spent her entire career getting ahead lying and living off her husband’s checkered legacy — which is a legacy she helped enshrine by threatening his rape victims.
Stop telling me Doug Emhoff is America’s “dad-in-chief” and “Jewish liaison” when he slept with his family’s nanny and got her pregnant, has done absolutely nothing Jewish his entire adult life, has a daughter who donates to pro-Hamas groups, and then says he’s more in touch with his Judaism because he attends church on Easter with Harris in some rainbow flag church.
Most of all, stop telling me that the Democrats’ positions don’t matter, that we should not listen to what they are actually saying. Stop telling me they haven’t been in charge. Stop telling me that I’m supposed to pretend they haven’t been in charge for 12 out of the last 16 years of my life and that their threats to rewrite the Constitution, to destroy the Supreme Court and the filibuster, to confiscate the earned wealth of people who innovate, to spend endless amounts of money they did not produce, to institute price controls, to inflate the currency, to nationalize health care, to cut the military, to trans the children, to abort any form of life, to enshrine voting procedures that facilitate fraud, to open the border and amnesty to everyone who enters — stop telling me none of that matters.
It damn well matters.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
