Headline:
 Brutal Letter From Chamber Of Commerce Resurfaces And Exposes Another Tim Walz Lie 

Article Text:
 Governor Tim Walz (D-MN) is caught up in another scandal after a brutal letter from the Nebraska Chamber of Commerce has resurfaced, uncovering another apparent lie from the VP pick.
Walz falsely claimed he was the recipient of an award from the chamber during his 2006 congressional run. In a letter, which was uncovered by Alpha News, the then-president of the group, Barry L. Kennedy, urged Walz to remove the inaccuracy.
Current Nebraska Chamber of Commerce Chris Sloan confirmed to The Daily Wire that the letter was sent by the chamber in 2006.
“We researched this matter and can confirm that you have not been the recipient of any award from the Nebraska Chamber of Commerce,” the letter said.
Kennedy asked Walz to remove the language about the award from his campaign website and noted that the chamber had actually endorsed Walz’s opponent.
“I am not going to draw a conclusion about your intentions by including this line in your biography,” Kennedy wrote. “However, we respectfully request that you remove any reference to our organization as it could be considered an endorsement of your candidacy. It should be pointed out, however, that the U.S. Chamber of Commerce has endorsed your opponent, Congressman Gil Gutknecht, for his support of small business issues.”
Tickets for “Am I Racist?” are on sale NOW! Buy here for a theater near you.
WOW.
The Nebraska Chamber of Commerce had to write a letter to Tim Walz’s Congressional campaign to remove an award he never received from them.
Going on to clarify that the Chamber had endorsed his opponent.
Is there anything Tim Walz hasn’t lied about? pic.twitter.com/oVuu0hYIT8
— Dustin Grage (@GrageDustin) August 24, 2024
As highlighted by The Daily Wire, Walz has a pattern of embellishing, misrepresenting, or outright lying.
Recently, it was uncovered that Walz lied about using IVF to conceive his children. Notably, Walz used the false claim to make already dubious attacks against Republicans on so-called reproductive rights.
The Harris campaign this past week confirmed to The New York Times that Walz and his wife used an insemination procedure called IUI. The insemination takes place inside a woman’s body and does not discard human embryos, and therefore is not on the radar of pro-life activists.
Walz has repeated the lie on the campaign trail, and back in April, his governor campaign office mailed out a fundraising letter with an envelope that said, quote, “My wife and I used I.V.F. to start a family.’’
The Democrats’ vice presidential nominee even claimed that he “wouldn’t even have a family” if it were up to his Republican counterpart JD Vance:
Gov. @Tim_Walz: If it was up to JD Vance, I wouldn’t have a family because of IVF. Democrats are investing in prenatal care. We’re the ones that are for universal pre-K. We’re the ones that are providing school meals. I’m not gonna back down one bit on this whole family values… pic.twitter.com/jdbKmpuh4K
— Kamala HQ (@KamalaHQ) August 9, 2024
There were also several claims made that Walz, who is a former high school teacher, won either one or two Minnesota “Teacher of the Year” awards. The claim was mentioned in a campaign ad, published in a local paper, and is still listed on a candidate biography website. However, as uncovered by The Daily Wire’s Ashe Schow, Walz was never selected for the award, a review of the website for the teacher of the year award shows.
Walz has also misled the public about his drunk driving arrest. Back in 1995, he was pulled over by a Nebraska trooper for speeding. After the officer smelled alcohol on Walz’s breath, he took a field sobriety test and a blood-alcohol test. Walz failed both. He spent the night behind bars and later admitted that he was driving drunk, according to court records.
However, when he ran for Congress, Walz’s campaign repeatedly falsely claimed that Walz had not been drinking. They said Walz was pulled over and failed the field sobriety test because of “hearing loss” he suffered during his time serving in the National Guard.
The Harris-Walz campaign has been asked about the discrepancies, and thus far has refused to address them.
And lastly, and most notably, Walz hasn’t been truthful about his military service. He did serve in the National Guard, but did not see combat in the Middle East or retire as a command sergeant major, as he’s claimed numerous times.
Related: Another Lie: Tim Walz Did Not Use IVF To Start Family, As He’s Repeatedly Claimed In Attacks Against Trump Ticket
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
