Headline:
 Kamala’s Car Wreck First Interview 

Article Text:
 It finally happened: After weeks of stalling, Kamala Harris did a sit-down interview in which she spoke.
For a whopping 16 minutes.
Dana Bash, the interviewer for CNN, did a horrifyingly bad job. She would ask Harris a somewhat difficult question, and Harris would wriggle her way out of the question. Then, Bash would be one question away from poking her, which would have sent Harris flying off the cliff because what she was saying made no sense.
One little problem and Harris would have been a bug on a windshield.
But Bash wasn’t going to do that. Instead, she started feeding her answers. She started avoiding the follow-ups that would have hurt her.
The big takeaways from this interview are:
Number one: Kamala Harris is now attempting to obscure every policy position she ever took. She is pretending she didn’t believe anything she said in 2019. She’s running to the middle by lying to you. That is most important.
She should be called out for those lies. Bash did a little, but not nearly enough.
It’s going to be up to Donald Trump and his campaign to do that, particularly in the September 10 debate. All those lines of attack are wide open.
Harris has shifted virtually every position she ever held, and she has explained zero of those shifts.
Number two: When Harris is off the teleprompter, even in a friendly interview as this one was, she’s a disaster area. She’s wandering all over the landscape in search of an idea, filling the time with romantic platitudes like, “When we think about the significance…”
She does the same trick everyone did in fifth grade when the teacher asked a prompt on an essay question, and you repeated the essay question as the beginning of your essay.
The teacher would ask about Tom Sawyer: “Why did Tom Sawyer get his friends to paint the fence?” You would begin, “The importance of Tom Sawyer getting his friends to paint the fence…”
That’s what Harris does whenever she needs to stall for time. That is her shtick. She was incapable of answering very simple, basic softball questions in a convincing way. She looked incredibly nervous throughout the interview.
She does not have any natural leadership quality. She does not confidently state her positions. She looks as though she’s filing through the note cards in her head because she’s not all that bright, and the note cards don’t help because even she doesn’t know what she believes.
It was a horrific performance. But will there be an overwhelmingly bad reaction to Harris’ performance?
No, because we set the bar in American politics so low that if she didn’t completely fail, as Joe Biden did, then she is considered some sort of apotheosis of articulateness.
Bash knew she was caught in a catch-22. If she pushed Harris too hard and Harris winds up losing the election, Bash would be blamed for her losing. If she didn’t push Harris enough, then people like me would say, “Bash did not do her job last night.”
Which she didn’t.
Bash was specifically selected for this interview because she’s very friendly to the Harris-Walz campaign. She asked about the “opportunity economy” Harris speaks of, saying, “I wonder what you say to voters who do want to go back when it comes to the economy specifically because their groceries were less expensive, housing was more affordable when Donald Trump was president.”
Harris answered, “When we came in, our highest priority was to do what we could to rescue America. And today, we know that we have inflation at under 3%.”
Bash could have jumped in and said the inflation rate when Trump left office was 1.4%. She could have said, “Your inflation rate today is 3%. The Federal Reserve shoots for 2%. You’ve had 40-year highs in inflation. All groceries are now 20 to 25% higher than they were when you took office. So how about that?”
She didn’t.
Harris said, “Prices in particular for groceries are still too high. The American people know it. I know it. Which is why my agenda includes what we need to do to bring down the price of groceries. For example, dealing with an issue like price gouging.”
Bash could have dug in and said, “Let’s talk about price gouging. Do you really believe that food is too expensive because the people over at Kroger, Publix, and Ralphs are just really, really greedy?”
She didn’t.
Bash asked her if Bidenomics has been a success, and Harris filibustered and would not answer the question because either way that would be a Trump campaign commercial: Either she says it has been a success (which everyone knows is not true), or she admits it has failed.
Bash asked Harris about her reversal on fracking, which she wanted to ban in 2019. First, she lied and said that she reversed her position in 2020. She didn’t. She repeated Biden’s position in 2020. She was the vice-presidential nominee at that time. At no point in her presidential campaign did she ever reverse her position on fracking before she stepped out, so she’s lying.
Then, Harris said she has not changed her position since 2020, adding that her “values” haven’t changed.
There’s an internal contradiction. Logically, you can’t say your values never changed but your policies changed, and now everyone should believe you because they never changed.
Bash actually tried to feed her the answers, asking, “Was there some policy or scientific data that you saw that you said, ‘Oh, okay. I get it now?’”
In another instance, Bash did it again, asking, “How should voters look at some of the changes that you’ve made — that you explained some of here — in your policy? Is it because you have more experience now and you’ve learned more about the information? Is it because you’re running for president in a Democratic primary?”
Harris speaking is a miasma of nothing. She’s a miasma, an unpleasant fog.
It’s unbelievable that people take her seriously. She is just not bright enough to be president of the United States. She’s stupid. The Democrats picked her, and I can tell how stupid she is because she answers questions the same way a college freshman would in their first intro to philosophy class. It is total nonsensical gobbledygook jargony trash.
In another example of Harris’ stupidity, she declared: “You mentioned the Green New Deal. I have always believed and I have worked on it, that the climate crisis is real, that it is an urgent matter to which we should apply metrics that include holding ourselves to deadlines around time.”
That’s deep. Deadlines around time. My God, you mean as opposed to deadlines around space? Deadlines around mass deadlines? Around height? Deadlines around weight?
I wish I’d thought of that. I should actually try that with our staff. “You know what, guys? You have a deadline. The deadline is three kilograms.” When they react, “What?” I repeat, “Yes, three kilograms.” They ask, “Could you translate it in terms of time?” And I respond, “My God, I should’ve thought of that! A deadline around time!”
She is a dullard. Biden is dead, and they found the only person around was a stupid person whom they could consolidate.
There was a time when Abraham Lincoln — a wise, intelligent human — was the president of the United States.
The distance from Lincoln to Harris in intelligence is staggering.
* * *
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
