Headline:
 Leftists Attack RFK Jr.’s Wife Cheryl Hines Over Husband’s Endorsement Of Trump 

Article Text:
 Leftists attacked Robert F. Kennedy Jr.’s wife Cheryl Hines on Friday after her husband suspended his presidential campaign and endorsed former President Donald Trump.
Hines’ statement on social media comes after RFK Jr. made the announcement during an event on Friday afternoon in Arizona and subsequently joined Trump at a campaign rally later in the evening.
“The decision has been made to suspend my husband’s, Robert Kennedy Jr.’s, presidency and I’d like to extend a sincere, deeply heartfelt thank you to every person who has worked so tirelessly and lovingly on his campaign,” she wrote. “They have accomplished feats that were said to be impossible. They have gathered over a million signatures, more than any candidate in history, and have achieved ballot access across the country despite the roadblocks and lawsuits that have been brought against them for the sole purpose of keeping Bobby off of the ballots so no one would even have the opportunity to vote for him.”
“I deeply respect the decision Bobby made to run on the principle of unity,” she added. “Over the last year and a half, I have met some extraordinary people from all parties — Democrats, Republicans, and Independents. It’s been my experience that the vast majority of all parties are truly good people who want the best for our country and for each other. It has been an eye-opening, transformative, and endearing journey.”
RFK Jr. responded to his wife’s message: “I am so grateful to my amazing wife Cheryl for her unconditional love, as I made a political decision with which she is very uncomfortable. I wish this also for the country — love and unity even in the face of disagreement. We will need that in coming times.”
Tickets for “Am I Racist?” are on sale NOW! Buy here for a theater near you.
Columnist Norman Ornstein responded to Hines: “Now if you have even a shred of integrity, you will endorse Kamala Harris. Otherwise, you are signing on as a member of the Trump cult.”
Another user on X replied to Hines: “You know you never had a chance and this was always the goal. You suck. I can’t even enjoy the episodes of Curb Your Enthusiasm with you in them anymore.”
“Sorry, Cheryl — loved you on Curb but like your husband, you are a huge letdown,” another user posted.
A Democrat operative who works in public relations responded to Hines: “I never pegged you as a Trump supporter but here we are. Your legacy is on the line. If you don’t say anything, you will be remembered for supporting Trump. Is that what you want?”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
