Headline:
 ABC News Moderators Blasted For Extreme Bias, Fact Checking Trump But Not Harris 

Article Text:
 ABC News faces backlash for debate moderation, with critics saying Trump was unfairly fact-checked, while Kamala Harris escaped follow-up questions and tough scrutiny.
ABC News‘ David Muir and Linsey Davis faced intense backlash online during Tuesday night’s presidential debate for their obvious bias against Republican nominee Donald Trump.
The bias manifested itself in several ways, from asking Trump more hostile “gotcha” questions than they asked Harris to pressing Trump with followup questions while allowing Harris to evade answering questions with no followup to fact checking Trump while allowing Harris to lie with impunity.
ABC News’ left-wing bias was on full display during the network’s pre-debate coverage, with media analyst Stephen L. Miller noting: “ABC’s pre-debate coverage might as well be The View right now. It’s insane.”
“In media file center they’ve been blaring the sound of ABCs pre-debate coverage. Except when Tom Cotton was just on. Sound went way down, couldn’t hear a word,” added RealClearPolitics President Tom Bevan. “Josh Shapiro comes on and the sound was turned back up. Unreal.”
Once the debate started, the bias quickly went on display with former Acting Director of National Intelligence Richard Grenell calling Davis a “far-left activist.”
Political commentator Noah Pollak posted on X: “ABC hosts embarrassing themselves protecting Harris from having to answer whether she supports partial birth late term abortions.”
Firebrand Ann Coulter noted: “But it’s great to have 3 Democrats debating Trump tonight. Thanks, ABC!”
Tickets for “Am I Racist?” are on sale NOW! Buy here for a theater near you.
Donald Trump Jr. also hammered the fact-checkers for only fact-checking Trump, but not Harris.
“Weird how the hack moderators at @abcnews are only ‘Fact checking’ Trump and allowing Kamala to lie nonstop,” he posted. “The Fake News is the enemy of the people!”
Weird how the hack moderators at @abcnews are only “Fact checking” Trump and allowing Kamala to lie nonstop. The Fake News is the enemy of the people! #ABCDebate
— Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) September 11, 2024
Independent journalist Christopher Rufo posted on X: “These overtly partisan, often misleading ‘fact checks’ are absurd. It’s not journalism. It’s propaganda.”
“Harris just lied about the SCOTUS ruling on immunity,” noted conservative commentator AG. “Zero fact-checks from the moderators after multiple fact-checks against Trump. Really bad look for ABC News.”
Sirius XM host Megyn Kelly blasted Muir and Davis, writing: “These moderators are a disgraceful failure and this is one of the most biased, unfair debates I have ever seen. Shame on you @ABC.”
“The pile-on against Trump is so bad and so obvious this will backfire,” she added.
Babylon Bee CEO Seth Dillon added, “Kamala is holding the moderators back in this joint debate against Trump. Definitely the weakest link.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
