Headline:
 ‘Are You His Daughter?’ Unearthed ABC Profile Shows Kamala Partying With Ex-Lover Willie Brown 

Article Text:
 "I may be a rogue, but I'm their kind of rogue," Brown says.
Video footage from a 1995 ABC profile of former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown shows Democratic nominee Kamala Harris partying with her then-boyfriend as a reporter asks her, “Are you his daughter?”
“No, I’m not,” responds Harris with a smile.
Here’s the full ABC PrimeTIME Live with Diane Sawyer package on Kamala Harris’s “rogue” ex-bf Willie Brown, shortly before he became mayor of San Fran on January 8, 1996.
Harris makes several appearances, including the awkward moment she’s asked, “Are you his daughter?” pic.twitter.com/vlVKw3maab
— Mary Margaret Olohan (@MaryMargOlohan) September 10, 2024

A clip from the “PrimeTime Live” video package began to make the rounds on “X” Tuesday ahead of the first presidential debate between former President Donald Trump and Harris, who has been accused of profiting from her relationship with Brown, who is 30 years her senior.
The Daily Wire obtained the full ABC profile, which aired in 1995 shortly before Brown became mayor. It describes Brown as a man with “a healthy ego” and one of the most “powerful black politicians in America.” The segment concludes with Brown joking to the interviewer about how he will soon be able to “fix” the host’s parking ticket, and Diane Sawyer informing the audience that he will take office on January 8, 1996.
Brown openly carried on an affair with Harris between 1994 and 1995 while he was legally married. Harris was a 29-year-old Alameda County assistant district attorney at the time, and 60-year-old Brown was the toast of San Francisco politics and the speaker of the California State Assembly, according to Reuters.
While Brown and his former wife were legally married, they had allegedly been separated for several years. The Brown-Harris affair didn’t end until after Brown appointed Harris to the California Unemployment Insurance Appeals Board and the Medical Assistance Commission, jobs which paid $97,088 and $72,000 a year respectively, according to the Los Angeles Times — prompting high profile figures like Megyn Kelly to suggest that Harris “slept her way” into American politics.
🚨HOLY SH!T🚨
This is an unearthed ABC profile of San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown in 1995.
Your jaw is about to hit the floor… pic.twitter.com/W6oO30AUY6
— End Wokeness (@EndWokeness) September 10, 2024
The ABC package dives into Brown’s lavish lifestyle and audacious jokes, showing Brown donning a baseball hat on a rally stage surrounded by supporters, including a smiling Harris, as he tells the crowd, “You should, from now on, address me, as, ‘The Mayor!'”
“Eight out of ten voters I meet are absolutely persuaded that I know what I’m doing, that I’m pretty smart, that I can get the job done, and that I may be a rogue, but I’m their kind of rogue,” Brown says in the ABC package.
“He’s a rogue, alright,” the narrator says, as the show featured a video of Brown dancing with a smiling woman, “notorious for his flamboyant lifestyle. Flashy clothes. Fancy parties. Fine women.”
The video then cuts to a clip of an unseen individual asking Harris, “Excuse me, are you his daughter?”
“No, I’m not,” Harris responds.
“And fast cars,” the narrator concludes.
“I’m really kind of living people’s dreams,” Brown says in another interview clip. “I kind of live what people would want to be, if they could be.”
Brown served as Mayor of San Francisco from 1996 to 2004. Harris became the district attorney of California in 2003.
Harris did not immediately respond to a request for comment from The Daily Wire.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
