Headline:
 Tim Pool Tells Ben Shapiro ‘Russia Sucks,’ He’s ‘Pissed’ About DOJ Claim That Tenet Was Funded By Russia 

Article Text:
 Political commentator Tim Pool told Ben Shapiro on Friday that he was unaware that the founders of a media company that licensed one of his talk shows were being paid by Russians, and was blindsided by the allegations from the Department of Justice earlier this week.
In his first interview since the DOJ indictment, Pool, the host of the popular Timcast show, reiterated on “The Ben Shapiro Show” that he had very limited contact with Tenet Media, which is accused by federal prosecutors of secretly taking money from Russians and licensed one of his spin-off shows called the “Culture War” podcast. He also explained that Tenet, which was founded by conservative commentator Lauren Chen, didn’t even have exclusive rights to his show, much less editorial input on it.
“That’s the crazy thing, it’s not even an exclusive show, it’s not exclusive, we published it other places, we own all the rights for it,” Pool said. “And so now we get entrenched in whatever this is, and I’m just like, nah, I don’t have anything to do with this. I don’t know what it is Lauren Chen was doing. I’m quite perturbed by the allegations. I don’t know what will turn out to be true, but I’m pissed.”
EXCLUSIVE: @Timcast first interview about the DOJ/Tenet Media indictment and his own Kamala Harris lawsuit pic.twitter.com/wVkPj7etKw
— The Ben Shapiro Show (@BenShapiroShow) September 6, 2024
Pool said that despite clips circulating on social media this week that show him harshly criticizing Ukraine, he has always hated Russia.
“Russia sucks. I’m not a fan of Russia,” Pool said. “I think Vladimir Putin is a dictator who’s used unethical and dictatorial means to maintain power for decades. And I’ve long said that.”
Tickets for “Am I Racist?” are on sale NOW! Buy here for a theater near you.
Pool said his comments criticizing Ukraine are rooted in his anger that the United States is spending resources abroad when it should be spending them on domestic problems.
Chen, a Canadian-born YouTuber and former RT employee, and her husband, Liam Donovan, are not named but referenced in the indictment as founders of Tenet Media.
The Russian defendants allegedly worked with Chen and Donovan to “mask” the “true source of funding” for the company, which the indictment revealed to be RT — a Russian state broadcaster.
Chen and Donovan were accused of “falsely portraying” to commentators such as Pool that their company was sponsored by a private investor named “Eduard Grigoriann” — a persona that turned out to be fake.
The Blaze has cut ties with Chen over the Russia allegations. Pool says he’s been contacted by the FBI, which is treating him as a victim of the scheme.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
