Headline:
 Economic Guru Dave Ramsey Asked Both Trump And Kamala For Interview. Here’s What Happened 

Article Text:
 The Harris team has yet to accept Ramsey's offer
Apolitical money expert Dave Ramsey said he asked both former President Donald Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris for a sit-down interview — but so far, only Trump has agreed to the discussion, while Harris’ team sits on the request.
“Several weeks ago, our team reached out [to] Vice President Harris and President Donald Trump and offered the ability to sit down and have a discussion about ideas,” Ramsey said this past weekend.
“The Harris camp has our request, and the last word we got, it was under review,” he told his audience. “So it’s not been a yes, not been a no from them.”
Trump, though, said yes. In fact, the pair have already sat down for the interview.
“I flew to New York. And at this time yesterday, I was in Trump Tower interviewing President Donald Trump,” Ramsey said.
The expert has a tendency to stay out of politics and routinely tell his audience that they can protect and grow their wealth no matter who is in the White House.
However, Ramsey explained that he wanted to speak to both candidates about the things that are really hurting Americans, like the price of eggs. This was precisely what his first question was to Trump — and will be to Harris, if she ever accepts his offer.
“I just said Mr. President, we talk to real people every day,” Ramsey outlined. “Let me tell you what they’re concerned about. They’re not concerned about a bunch of the stuff you’re talking about. The stuff they’re concerned about is $7 eggs, $5 gas, 7% interest rates, and house prices going up faster than their wages are going up. This black cloud that’s over our economic situation right now. And we could talk about how it got there. We could talk about what you used to do. We could talk about the current administration. But I don’t really want to. What I want to talk about is what you’re going to do in the first 90 days to get this black cloud off of America.”
Am I Racist? Is In Theaters NOW — Get Your Tickets Here!
“That was my first question,” he reiterated. “And I’ll ask Vice President Harris this exact same question if I get the opportunity.”
Several weeks ago, our team reached out Vice President Harris and President Donald Trump and offered the ability to sit down and have a discussion about ideas.
I’m sick and tired of all the mudslinging. I like to talk about ideas, because I think ideas are worth fighting over… pic.twitter.com/VOM59UmTTx
— Dave Ramsey (@DaveRamsey) September 27, 2024
Ramsey previewed his sit-down with Trump on X. “Last week, I flew to Trump Tower to sit down with President [Donald Trump] and talk about ideas. It was fun. It was interesting,” he said. “I’ve interviewed past presidents before, but never anything quite like this. And I’ll do the same thing with Vice President Harris if I get the chance. We’ll have the full Donald Trump interview out this Wednesday, October 2.”
In the short video clip posted by Ramsey, Trump said he’s watched the expert his “whole life.” “This should be the easiest interview, because I’ve learned from him (Ramsey),” Trump joked.
Last week, I flew to Trump Tower to sit down with President @realDonaldTrump and talk about ideas. It was fun. It was interesting. I’ve interviewed past presidents before, but never anything quite like this. And I’ll do the same thing with Vice President Harris if I get the… pic.twitter.com/sCL0TAvIyM
— Dave Ramsey (@DaveRamsey) September 29, 2024
Ramsey noted that he was taking heat from some listeners for daring to speak to Trump, and made it clear that he does not care. He called those who are offended “narrow-minded and too stupid to talk to.”
“You need to learn to engage ideas and engage things that make you uncomfortable,” he said, adding that he feels the same about those who might be offended if he speaks to Harris.
You need to learn to engage ideas and engage things that make you uncomfortable. pic.twitter.com/nAJCst3gUP
— Dave Ramsey (@DaveRamsey) September 28, 2024
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
