Headline:
 Harris Collapses On National Television — Again 

Article Text:
 Kamala Harris has found a new way to fail: She flubs interviews with people who carry drool cups for her.
Yesterday, 60 days into her campaign, Kamala Harris did her first nationally televised one-on-one interview. She chose official boot-licker Stephanie Ruhle of MSNBC to do it.
In her previous interview with Dana Bash of CNN, Harris brought her emotional support, Renfield Tim Walz, to save her if she got in trouble and make her feel better by looking over at him every so often and petting her emotional support Corgi.
Last week, Ruhle excused Harris, saying she didn’t have to answer any tough questions: “One could watch and say she didn’t give a clear and direct answer. And that’s okay, because we’re not talking about clear and direct issues.” So, of course, the Harris campaign decided Harris would be interviewed by Ruhle.
And Harris made a fool of herself. She achieved the signal distinction of completely falling flat on her face in an interview with a person who was busily attempting to massage her with baby oil.
Kamala Harris has found a new way to fail: She flubs interviews with people who carry drool cups for her.
Harris began the interview, saying, “Gone is the day of everyone thinking they could actually live the American Dream.” At no point did it occur to her that she’s the current vice president of the United States.
“Part of my vision for the economy is, let’s deal with some of the everyday challenges that people face and address them with commonsense solutions such as affordable housing,” she said.
Affordable housing is her latest solution. Do you feel quieted now? Do you feel calmer?
She explained that it’s very important to have plans, and plans are really, really important. She was asked at one point if she’s so against the Trump tariff plan, why did she keep half those tariffs in place? And she said:
You don’t just throw around the idea of just tariffs across the board, and that’s part of the problem with Donald Trump. And frankly — I’m going to — and I say this in all sincerity. He’s just not very serious about how he thinks about some of these issues. And one must be serious and have a plan.
Yes, the unnamed plan.
“One must be serious.” Yes, quite right. She’s a serious person.
You want more babbling? Here we go. She started babbling about paying your “fair share.”
Ruhle asked Harris about wanting to raise taxes in certain areas, wanting certain tax credits, and so on, asking if she has a Republican Congress and can’t do any of that? What will she do then?
Kamala had no answer. This is such a perfectly obvious question, and she had no answer whatsoever. She just started babbling about her “fair share.”
She was mentally flipping through — at very slow speed because she is not smart —  all of the various three by five note cards she stores in her head until she found one labeled “fair share.” The roulette ball fell into the roulette wheel and suddenly she was stumbling around and found “fair share”:
We’re going to have to raise corporate taxes, and we’re going to have to make sure that the biggest corporations and billionaires pay their fair share. That’s just it. It’s about paying their fair share.
She had no idea what to say so she basically went with: “We have to do the thing.”
That’s not an answer. That is similar to being asked, “How are you going to drive to work this morning? The transmission fell out of your car. How can you get to work?” And giving the answer, “We have to get to work.”
She was asked a question. She actually started smiling when she got to the phrase “fair share” because she found what she thought was the right note card.
There is nothing going on up there, folks. She’s empty between the ears.
Don’t believe me? I have a “holistic” answer in which she explains how she approaches problems “holistically.” She gave an answer so “holistically” that I have no words to describe the stupidity.
Some of the work is going to be through what we do in terms of giving benefits and assistance to state and local governments around transit dollars, and looking holistically at the connection between that and housing, and looking holistically at the incentives we in the federal government can create for local and state governments to actually engage in planning in a holistic manner that includes prioritizing affordable housing for working people.
That was three uses of the word “holistic” inside 10 seconds.
She is a stupid person.
Anyone listening to her and thinking, “Wow, higher intelligence at work,” is likely the sucker in the room.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
