Headline:
 Kamala Reportedly Tried To Block Kimberly Guilfoyle From San Francisco DA’s Office 

Article Text:
 Harris is "laser-focused on undermining the lives of women across this country," Guilfoyle tells The Daily Wire
Vice President Kamala Harris reportedly once tried, unsuccessfully, to block Kimberly Guilfoyle from working for the San Francisco District Attorney’s office, a story that Guilfoyle says demonstrates Harris’ history of undermining other women.
A Monday New York Times report notes that Harris tried to block Guilfoyle from getting a job in the San Francisco District Attorney’s office around 2000, as both women were on the rise in California politics. Guilfoyle, now a Trump campaign surrogate who is engaged to Donald Trump Jr., tells The Daily Wire that the incident encapsulates how Harris relates to other women.
“The fact is that for decades Kamala Harris has turned public service into self-service,” Guilfoyle told The Daily Wire. “From her conduct at the San Francisco DA’s office all the way to the vice presidency, she’s tried to lift herself up by attempting to bring others down.”
“She may talk about wanting to help other women, but reality tells a far different story,” Guilfoyle added. “And it extends to her party’s entire platform. From efforts to destroy women’s sports to enabling a border invasion that has taken the lives of innocent girls, this is a candidate and an agenda laser-focused on undermining the lives of women across this country.”
Guilfoyle and Harris “were young lawyers, rising political stars and social acquaintances in the most exclusive quarters of San Francisco civic life,” the Times notes. Harris’ ex-lover, former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown, described the two as “superstar women” to the Times, saying, “They represented the city.”
(Eva Marie Uzcategui/Bloomberg via Getty Images)
When Guilfoyle sought a position in the San Francisco District Attorney’s office, around 2000, Harris sought to block her from doing so, SFGate reported at the time. According to the publication, Harris got a hold of Guilfoyle’s resume and then gave her a call.
Both women were thought to be eying the San Francisco District Attorney position, which Harris went on to win in 2004 until 2010. A source close to Guilfoyle told The Daily Wire that she wasn’t actually interested in the position, and was instead looking towards larger opportunities in television.
“She had bigger items, and the bigger items were television,” former Harris boyfriend Willie Brown told the Times. “That would be Kimberly. She had that kind of chutzpah.”
But Harris’ interference indicated that she did not want Guilfoyle as a competitor in her arena.
“She called me and said basically that she was on the hiring committee and in charge of the budget for the D.A.’s office, and that I should have gone through her if I wanted to return to the D.A.’s office — and that there was no money to hire me,” Guilfoyle told SFGate in 2003.
The call surprised Guilfoyle, who was dating then-San Francisco Supervisor Gavin Newsom at the time, as SFGate reported. The publication said that Guilfoyle called the San Francisco D.A.’s office to find out what Harris’ call had meant — only to be told that Harris did not have a say in whether she was hired, and that there was no hiring committee at all.
Harris pushed back on Guilfoyle’s claims, telling SFGate that her call was just “to see if she needed any help — to let her know I was there to help her.”
“I never discouraged her from joining the office. I never suggested to her there wasn’t a job for her in the San Francisco D.A.’s office — of that, I’m very clear,” Harris told SFGate in 2003.
“I think she is a great lawyer,” Harris reportedly added, “and I look forward to working with her.”
According to the Times, Guilfoyle and Harris’ boss corroborated Guilfoyle’s story, and recalled how Harris had “fierce opposition to the move.”
Neither the Harris campaign nor the White House responded to requests for comment.
Guilfoyle did end up getting a job in the San Francisco D.A.’s office several months later, and would go on to prosecute a high-profile case concerning Diane Whipple, a woman who was mauled to death by dogs. According to SFGate, that “chaotic and tearful trial catapulted Guilfoyle to national fame, as news broadcasts carried nightly coverage of the day’s proceedings.” Guilfoyle would go on to work for Fox News, and now hosts The Kimberly Guilfoyle Show on Rumble.
“The landmark Diane Whipple dog mauling case didn’t just show that Kimberly was a legal star,” the source close to Guilfoyle told The Daily Wire. “But that she was also destined to be a TV star, too. And her trajectory in years after confirms that.”
Guilfoyle maintains that the anecdote is a good example of how Harris has postured on many issues related to women. She also points to Harris’ support of taxpayer-funded sex-change surgeries for illegal immigrant prisoners, which could allow biological male criminals to live among female prisoners.
The Daily Wire reported last week that the Federal Bureau of Prisons has about 22,000 foreign nationals in its custody, and it appears that all of these prisoners are eligible for taxpayer-funded gender transitions.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
