Headline:
 The Degenerates Of Hollywood Endorse Kamala, And That Tells You Everything 

Article Text:
 What's interesting about these endorsements is that all of these celebrities are now on the side of Dick Cheney's preferred candidate.
There’s an inevitable moment in every presidential election campaign when the entertainment industry gets together and tells us to vote for the Democrat. It doesn’t matter who the candidate is, or who they’re running against. In every case, Hollywood tells us, the choice is supposedly between the fascist and whatever candidate Democrats are running.
Twenty-four years ago, Al Gore was touting the endorsements of Kevin Costner, Tom Hanks, Jerry Seinfeld, Sharon Stone, Robert De Niro, Harrison Ford, and so on. Barack Obama took things to another level, as we all remember, bringing in endorsements from Oprah and throwing concerts featuring Bon Jovi and Mariah Carey. They all told us that we need to turn the page on the neocon, Dick Cheney-era of foreign policy — because Dick Cheney represented a greater evil than Hitler and Satan combined.
After last week’s Oprah infomercial for Kamala Harris, it’s clear that it’s time for Harris to collect the endorsements that she’s apparently entitled to. Kamala started her campaign with the blessing of Beyonce and Megan Thee Stallion. Then there was the Taylor Swift endorsement a week ago.
But with the Oprah infomercial, things really took off. Along with representatives from the racially segregated groups “Black Women for Harris,” “White Dudes for Harris,” and “White Women for Harris,” celebrities like Julia Roberts, Meryl Streep, Bryan Cranston, Chris Rock, Ben Stiller, and Jennifer Lopez all hopped on a Zoom call to express their support for Kamala Harris’ campaign. The expected rash of celebrity endorsements is officially pouring in.
What’s interesting about these endorsements is that all of these celebrities are now on the side of Dick Cheney’s preferred candidate. They’re also campaigning on behalf of a candidate who was just endorsed by hundreds of former high-ranking “national intelligence officials” at the CIA and the Pentagon, along with a union affiliated with the IRS. So these celebrities have gone from raging against the neocon, establishment machine to campaigning on behalf of it. It’s like watching a vegan activist get a new job as a Burger King spokesman. It’s not impossible to imagine, but you’d probably ask yourself: How did that happen, exactly? What are the lucid, rational arguments that celebrities are making in order to justify this massive reversal of everything they once claimed to believe?
A few days ago, the latest celebrity to endorse Kamala Harris — Hayley Williams, the lead singer of the band Paramore — did not provide any lucid, rational arguments to support her decision. Instead, at the iHeartRadio Music Festival in Las Vegas on Friday, she made it clear why Donald Trump has to stand inside a case of bulletproof glass every time he speaks in public. Watch:
Hayley Williams has lost it
pic.twitter.com/vXJFxicREG
— Clown World ™ 🤡 (@ClownWorld_) September 22, 2024
This is nothing really new from Hayley Williams, who’s been struggling for relevance lately. The band’s not generating hits anymore, so she’s lashing out. A year ago she attacked all of her fans who support Ron DeSantis, saying they’re dead to her. She mixed in some profanity for good measure. And now we have this supposedly spontaneous moment, where she rambles like a lunatic about “Project 2025” and how Donald Trump hates poor people and the “LGBTQ+ community.”
Twenty years ago, when celebrities had public meltdowns like this, they were talking about things that were really happening — like the war in Iraq. But now that they’re on the side of the Defense Department and the IRS union and the military-industrial complex, they can’t criticize wars anymore. So they’re becoming delusional instead.
But this particular rant was even more embarrassing than it looks, because it wasn’t even spontaneous, really. It was scripted. Some guy was apparently holding up a piece of paper that Hayley Williams was reading from. Watch:
Paramore’s Hayley Williams’ passionate, completely “spontaneous” rant about Donald Trump and Project 2025 was completely scripted. Here she is, reading the whole thing from a script that’s being held up by somebody else. pic.twitter.com/Ez98TxK1WL
— Ian Miles Cheong (@stillgray) September 22, 2024
So Hayley couldn’t speak off-the-cuff for 30 seconds — just thirty seconds — about why people should vote for Kamala Harris. You’d think that, if you were the kind of “entertainer” who wanted to use your concert to promote a political message, then you’d at least understand what you’re talking about. You’d be comfortable enough with your beliefs that you could articulate them without needing to read them off a piece of paper. And maybe, you’d even say something remotely interesting. But none of that happened here.
This has become something of a trend for celebrities who are coming out for Kamala Harris. A couple of weeks ago, the “Hulk” actor Mark Ruffalo had his own meltdown. He was specifically upset about Elon Musk because he’s one of the few wealthy celebrities who hasn’t fallen in line. Watch:
“Elon Musk is a two faced turn coat traitor,” rants Mark Ruffalo. pic.twitter.com/QQ6CDYlkZ5
— Ian Miles Cheong (@stillgray) September 22, 2024
“He sold himself out for a buck and some power,” says Mark Ruffalo. It’s too bad he didn’t elaborate on that point because it doesn’t make any sense whatsoever.
Elon Musk is being investigated by numerous federal agencies who want to sanction him and destroy his companies, solely because he’s allowing people to speak freely on the internet. His purchase of Twitter appears to have lost him billions of dollars, by conservative estimates.
So who exactly did Elon Musk “sell out” to?
Instead of answering those questions, Ruffalo instructs his audience: “Don’t follow him. Don’t listen to him. We are the ones who we have to believe in. We’re the ones we’re waiting for.” Then he mocks Elon Musk’s accent for some reason.
This is a guy whose most noteworthy achievement in life is pretending to be the Hulk. And he’s attacking someone who’s built several successful companies in this country. SpaceX is now rescuing astronauts that government contractors like Boeing got stranded in space. They’re trying to build colonies on Mars. Tesla meanwhile is an electric car manufacturer that makes the best-selling car in the world. Particularly if you care about “carbon emissions,” as people like Mark Ruffalo claim to, then you should be very happy about that. But Mark Ruffao’s not happy, because Elon Musk isn’t voting for Kamala Harris. Therefore he’s a “traitor.”
This is the kind of celebrity endorsement that Harris’ campaign is now receiving. They’re even more unhinged than what we’re used to. And we’re getting a lot of them.
If he counts as a celebrity, Bill Nye also put out a video endorsing Kamala Harris. And while he’s less vulgar than the Paramore singer, and a little less insulting than Mark Ruffalo, it’s still pretty hard to watch. Bill Nye is a 68-year-old man who most adults recognize from his show in the 90s, which was designed for elementary school students. And yet Bill Nye is still effectively in character, pushing 70.
He’s still treating his audience as if they’re children. Watch:
Science rules, @BillNye pic.twitter.com/noUFu1QAbF
— Kamala HQ (@KamalaHQ) September 22, 2024

“Vice President Harris knows science rules,” says Bill Nye. And then Kamala Harris’ campaign account tweeted out this video with the message, “science rules.” It’s like we’re all back in 5th grade again. “Infantilizing” does not begin to describe this. Then Bill Nye praises Kamala Harris for passing the “biggest climate investment” ever, which is a reference to the Inflation Reduction Act — a law that, as the name implies, was supposedly about reducing inflation.
Now they’re admitting it was about printing a ton of money to spend on “climate investment,” which of course made inflation worse. (Which is why Kamala Harris is now talking about price controls).
We’re told by Bill Nye — the aging adult man who still pretends he’s talking to children — that a whole bunch of spending is necessary because the climate is changing very quickly, and it’s all our fault. That’s the assumption that people like Bill Nye have made for a very long time, even though there’s no reason to think it’s true. In fact, there’s new evidence that suggests the opposite. It comes from the journal Science.
Here’s how The Washington Post reported on the data a couple of days ago:
An ambitious effort to understand the Earth’s climate over the past 485 million years has revealed a history of wild shifts and far hotter temperatures than scientists previously realized … The timeline, published Thursday in the journal Science, is the most rigorous reconstruction of Earth’s past temperatures ever produced. … Created by combining more than 150,000 pieces of fossil evidence with state-of-the-art climate models, it shows the intimate link between carbon dioxide and global temperatures and reveals that the world was in a much warmer state for most of the history of complex animal life.
Here’s the graph the researchers came up with:
Washington Post.
As you can see, according to this model, this planet has previously experienced much warmer temperatures — and much more dramatic temperature increases — than what we’ve seen in recent times, after the Industrial Revolution. We’re actually at a relative low point for global average surface temperature right now.
Of course, if you ask the Bill Nyes of the world, they’ll find ways to spin this data. They’ll tell you things are getting too hot, too quickly, and so on. But as these climate researchers admit, at a minimum, this data was shocking to them. They had no idea that temperatures were so hot, long before Americans were driving pick-up trucks and using gas stoves. So you’d think that maybe some humility would be called for at this point.
But we won’t get any humility from Bill Nye. Nor should we expect any. After all, this is a “science guy” who doesn’t understand the basic facts of human biology and reproduction, so his endorsement of Kamala Harris is no surprise.
But there’s a bigger issue here for Kamala Harris. Even the relatively sane celebrities in her corner still aren’t helping her very much.
According to the Financial Times:
An ABC News/Ipsos poll published on Sunday found that 81 per cent of voters said the endorsement [of Kamala Harris by Taylor Swift] would make no difference in how they cast their ballots, and just 6 per cent said it would make them more likely to vote for Harris. Another 13 per cent said it would make them less likely to support the vice-president.
In other words, Taylor Swift’s endorsement may have done more harm than good for Kamala Harris. And if Taylor Swift didn’t help, you can imagine the damage that Bill Nye, Mark Ruffalo and Hayley Williams are doing.
There are a few reasons why this might be happening. But the most obvious explanation is that celebrities aren’t respected anymore. They’ve become too political, too dumb, and too shrill. They’re also not expected to uphold any kind of ethical standards.
In the 1960s, an actor was fired from “Perry Mason” because the cops found him at a party where they suspected adultery was going on. We’ve come a very long way since then. Now, according to the government, entertainers like Sean “Diddy” Combs can engage in “widely known” criminal conduct for more than a decade before anyone does anything about it. He can publicly brag about his sex parties and how he hangs out, unsupervised, with underage children like Justin Bieber and Usher. And then he can hold a town hall with Kamala Harris about COVID, and no one thinks anything of it.
That’s because we are now accustomed to the fact that insanely wealthy, out of touch, degenerates always line up behind the Democrat nominee. But at this point, we shouldn’t be. These celebrities have become so repulsive that their behavior is now a clear and direct reflection on the candidate they’re endorsing, especially since Kamala Harris is embracing all of these endorsements.
To be clear, there are a lot of reasons not to vote for Kamala. This isn’t top of the list, but it’s on the list at least. She is beloved by debauched elitists — not to mention, she’s favored by all of the most powerful institutions in America. Is that because she’s a “middle class kid” who has the best interests of the average American at heart?
That’s a question the Kamala Harris campaign would rather you didn’t ask.
But the more these celebrities weigh in on the presidential race — and the more they angrily read the DNC talking points that are shoved in front of them — the more obvious the answer becomes.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
