Headline:
 ‘The Country Is Suffering’: Melania Trump Talks 2024 Election In First Interview In 2 Years 

Article Text:
 "The border is open and dangerous. A lot of fentanyl is coming over, killing our youth. It's very hard to see," the former first lady said.
Former first lady Melania Trump talked about the 2024 election and said the “country is suffering” under President Joe Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris’ leadership.
In her first interview in more than two years, Trump sat down with Fox News and said that under the Biden-Harris administration, “the country is suffering.”
“People are not able to buy usual necessities for their families,” Melania said.  “We have wars going on around the world. Soldiers are dying. They were dying under this administration because of weak leadership. The border is open and dangerous. A lot of fentanyl is coming over, killing our youth. It’s very hard to see.”
“[The economy] it’s really not great,” she added. “Inflation is high and, if we compare these four years under this administration compared to four years under my husband [former President Donald Trump]as commander in chief, he was leading the country through peace through strength. And the border was safer than ever before. We didn’t have any wars.”
“People were prospering. They had jobs,” Melania continued. “They could support their families, so I think the American people need to decide what they really want. Maybe some strong tweets, but everything else great for this country, so it’s all in the American people’s hands on November 5th.”

At one point, she also opened up about the multiple assassination attempts against her husband — the one in Butler, Pennsylvania, at his rally in July that left him injured in the ear and a supporter dead and the other recent one at Trump’s golf course in West Palm Beach, Florida — calling it a miracle he’s still alive.
“And I think both of the events, they were really miracles,” Melania said. “If you really think about it, July 13th was a miracle. How… like that much, and he could, you know, he could not be with us,” she said.
When pressed if the attempts on Trump’s life has made her believe more in a higher power, the former first lady said, “I think something was watching over him … It’s almost like [the] country really needs him.”
Related: Melania Trump Offers Glimpse Into New Memoir, Says It’s Time To ‘Clarify The Facts’
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
