Headline:
 Zelensky Accused Of ‘Election Interference’ In Swing State Of Pennsylvania 

Article Text:
 Zelensky said that he does not take JD Vance's words seriously.
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky was accused of “election interference” on Monday after visiting the swing state of Pennsylvania, where he made an appearance with Democrats at an ammunition factory.
His appearance at the Scranton Army Ammunition Plant on Sunday comes after he trashed former President Donald Trump and Sen. JD Vance (R-OH) during an interview with The New Yorker while he was still in Ukraine.
“My feeling is that Trump doesn’t really know how to stop the war even if he might think he knows how,” he said. “With this war, oftentimes, the deeper you look at it the less you understand.”
Zelensky said that Vance was “too radical” because he believes that Ukraine must “make a sacrifice” by losing some of its territory to bring its war with Russia to an end.
He said that he does not take Vance’s words seriously, but that his experience with Trump has been different, because Trump has pledged his support for Ukraine.
The Air Force flew Zelensky to Pennsylvania, where Gov. Josh Shapiro (D) greeted him on the tarmac, according to a video he posted on X. He also met with Senator Bob Casey (D-PA), and Congressman Matt Cartwright (D-PA).
“I visited a plant that manufactures 155 mm artillery shells,” Zelensky wrote on social media. “Now, for our warriors who are defending not only our country, not only Ukraine, the plant will be ramping up production. I began my visit to the United States by expressing my gratitude to all the employees at the plant and by reaching agreements to expand cooperation between Pennsylvania and our Zaporizhzhia.”
“It is in places like this where you can truly feel that the democratic world can prevail,” he continued. “Thanks to people like these—in Ukraine, in America, and in all partner countries—who work tirelessly to ensure that life is protected.”
Some accused Zelensky of interfering in the U.S. presidential election with his remarks about Vance and his subsequent event with Democrats in Pennsylvania — a state that will likely help decide the next president.
“Election interference,” said Washington Examiner Chief Political Correspondent Byron York. “Now visiting a key swing state.”
Palantir CEO co-founder Joe Lonsdale posted on X: “Team Kamala is so concerned about Pennsylvania, they’re using military assets to fly in Zelensky to campaign!”
“They’re implying their war creates jobs, and are forcing Z to attack Trump & Vance,” he added. “Literally funding a foreign leader and using the military to bring him to campaign with them in a battleground state. PA voters aren’t dumb, this will backfire hard on the leftist Borg.”
In The New Yorker, Zelensky said that any American leader who pushes for peace by giving into aggressors “should be held responsible for potentially starting a global war.”
“Because such a person would be implying that this kind of behavior is acceptable,” he said. “I don’t take Vance’s words seriously, because, if this were a plan, then America is headed for global conflict. It will involve Israel, Lebanon, Iran, Taiwan, China, as well as many African countries. That approach would broadcast to the world the following implicit rule: I came, I conquered, now this is mine. It will apply everywhere: land claims and mineral rights and borders between nations.”
Zelensky said in that type of world the governing philosophy will be “might is right” and there will be a “global showdown.”
“Let Mr. Vance read up on the history of the Second World War, when a country was forced to give part of its territory to one particular person,” Zelensky continued. “What did that man do? Was he appeased or did he deal a devastating blow to the continent of Europe—to many nations, broadly, and to the Jewish nation in particular? Let him do some reading. The Jewish people are a strong power base in the United States, so let them conduct a public-education campaign and explain why millions perished thanks to the fact that someone offered to give up a sliver of territory.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
