Headline:
 Candace Owens 

Article Text:
 Conservative radio host and author Dennis Prager has published a 15-page letter that he wrote to former colleague Candace Owens, confronting her about her recent antisemitic statements and her crusade against Jews and Israel.
Black conservatives gathered in Detroit, Michigan, on Thursday evening ahead of former President Donald Trump’s speech at Turning Point Action’s The People’s Convention.
Day three of Turning Point USA’s AmericaFest will be held in Phoenix, Arizona, on Monday, December 18.
Popular conservative host Tucker Carlson interviewed conservative commentator Candace Owens on Wednesday about her dispute with Daily Wire founder Ben Shapiro, which burst into the open when a video of him criticizing her was made public.
White leftists at the Music Hall of Williamsburg in New York City have canceled an upcoming BLEXIT event featuring Candace Owens, Charlie Kirk, and Brandon Tatum, among others, claiming the Black conservative group “provides a platform for hate speech.” But what the venue said publicly is very different from what it privately said to BLEXIT, the organization’s director told Breitbart News.
Jewish rapper Rami Even-Esh, also known by his stage name Kosha Dillz, released a song titled “Death Con 3 – Ye Diss” in response to Kanye West’s recent antisemitic tirades.
Model Carmen Ortega Baljian claimed Jews own “banks,” the “media,” control the government, and urged her 2.5 million Instagram followers to “wake up” to the “truth,” which is “antisemitic.”
J.P. Morgan Chase bank has reportedly severed ties from doing business with controversial rapper Kanye West after he issued several anti-semitic statements on social media. According to conservative activist Candace Owens, who wore a “White Lives Matter” shirt alongside Kanye at his Paris fashion show, she was given a notice from J.P. Morgan telling Kanye their intention to sever their relationship.
Rapper Kanye West said Monday on FNC’s “Tucker Carlson Tonight” that wearing a “white lives matter” shirt at Paris Fashion Week with conservative commentator Candace Owens was like the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests against the Chinese Communist Party.
NFL wide receiver Antonio Brown is sticking up for Kanye West who drew criticism from left-wingers for wearing a “White Lives Matter” shirt.
Model Gigi Hadid attacked Grammy-winning recording artist and billionaire fashion mogul Kanye West, calling him a “bully and a joke” over his response to fashion journalist Gabriella Karefa-Johnson having a meltdown in reaction to him sporting “White Lives Matter” apparel on Monday.
Grammy-winning recording artist and billionaire fashion mogul Kanye West was seen wearing a sweatshirt with the words “White Lives Matter” written on the back of it.
In his opening address at CPAC Hungary, Prime Minister Viktor Orbán presented the global right with what he called the ‘antidote to progressive dominance’.
ESPN NFL analyst Ryan Clark flat out refused to work with Sage Steele because she dared to question ESPN’s radical coronavirus policies.
ESPN anchor Sage Steele is suing the network for allegedly violating her free speech rights by illegally retaliating against her.
During a Tuesday interview with Candace Owens, Kyle Rittenhouse credited God ensuring justice in his trial and a not guilty verdict for his outcome.
Left-wing sports site Deadspin was blasted online for a tweet claiming that Sage Steele, a biracial ESPN commentator, is “the black Candace Owens.”
Former President Donald Trump promoted the efficacy of vaccines — which were developed while he was in office — against the Chinese coronavirus in a recent interview with conservative commentator Candace Owens.
Former President Donald Trump teased a 2024 presidential run Tuesday, asserting his supporters would be “very, very happy” with a “certain announcement.”
Rap star Cardi B finally deleted a number of false social media posts about Candace Owens after Owens threatened a defamation suit, the Daily Wire reported.
Candace Owens says she is suing rapper Cardi B for defamation following a heated exchange on Twitter, in which the rapper posted a fake tweet depicting Owens saying that her husband cheated on her with her brother.
National Public Radio (NPR), which is subsidized by American taxpayers, listed Cardi B and Megan Thee Stallion’s raunchy hit song “WAP” (“Wet Ass Pu**y”) as one of the “best” songs of 2020, including it in part of its “silver linings playlist” released this month.
Singer Noah Cyrus, the younger sister of pop star Miley Cyrus, has apologized after using a racial slur while defending actor-singer Harry Styles against criticism he’s received from conservative commentator Candace Owens.
Facebook “fact-checker” PolitiFact was forced to issue a correction after conservative commentator Candace Owens challenged the “false” rating tacked on to a recent video she posted about former Vice President Joe Biden.
Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) applauded former One Direction singer Harry Styles for wearing a dress on the cover of Vogue’s latest issue.
Candace Owens blasted Google-owned YouTube yesterday for removing an episode of her show focused on the left’s attempt to distort the meaning of gender.
Illegal immigration harms blacks by consuming resources for education and driving up housing costs, explained Marcus, a black American.
Conservative black activist Candace Owens called out the media for being more focused on the virus than minorities’ support for cops.
The protest that ended at the White House was organized by BLEXIT founders Candace Owens and ex-police officer Brandon Tatum.
Breitbart’s Allum Bokhari has a reputation for bombshell exclusives exposing Big Tech corruption.
On Tuesday’s broadcast of the Fox News Channel’s “Tucker Carlson Tonight,” author Candace Owens stated that America is “not in a race war” and the media is “trying to create that simulation” to destroy the country. Owens cited LeBron James’ tweet
Conservative firebrand and BLEXIT founder Candace Owens reacted to the ambush of two Los Angeles sheriff’s deputies on Saturday by proclaiming that Black Lives Matter (BLM), the media, athletes, and the entertainment industry are to blame.
Rapper and Joe Biden supporter Cardi B launched a screed about “racist” MAGA supporters after her sister apparently feuded with a group of Trump fans over a parking spot at the beach. The rapper posted an Instagram video that appears to show her sister hurling profanities at a group of people, one of whom was wearing a MAGA hat.
BLEXIT founder Candace Owens will sue Facebook over its “blatant censorship” after the social media platform demonetized her page following her comments about senator Kamala Harris (D-CA) swearing into congress in 2017 as an “Indian-American.”
Since the death of George Floyd in police custody in late May, Wikipedia has been subject to a wide-ranging campaign by left-wing editors favorable to the Black Lives Matter movement with encouragement from the Wikimedia Foundation, which owns the site. Articles have been regularly stripped of material detrimental to the movement and the site’s front page used as a platform for messages favorable to their cause and harmful to President Donald Trump.
Conservative black activist Candace Owens has been subject to a prolonged smear campaign on Wikipedia since expressing her support for President Donald Trump. Many of the edits made to her page have selectively quoted or misrepresented Owens to portray her negatively. This included recent comments she made criticizing attempts to minimize the criminal past of George Floyd in the wake of his death in police custody.
The rapper Snoop Dogg has smeared several prominent black conservatives “The Coon Bunch,” including Herman Cain, Candace Owens, Paris Dennard, and the Angela Stanton.
Comedian Dave Chappelle addressed the police involved death of George Floyd in an emotional, near-30 minute Netflix special titled 8:46, ripping conservative commentator Candace Owens, Fox News host Laura Ingraham, and declaring, ironically, that America doesn’t need to hear celebrities speak out right now.
There was nothing Democrats would not do to win the black vote, Blexit founder Candace Owens said Monday when Democrat lawmakers took a knee in honor of George Floyd.
GoFundMe has suspended a fundraiser hosted by BLEXIT founder Candace Owens and reportedly banned her from the site after she created a fundraiser in support of an Alabama business owner who criticized the George Floyd protests.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
