Headline:
 Jim Banks 

Article Text:
 Sen. Jim Banks (R-IN) unveiled legislation on Wednesday that would require American military service academies to accept the Classical Learning Test (CLT) as an admissions option.
Sen. Jim Banks (R-IN) blasted Rep. Don Bacon (R-NE), his former colleague on the House Armed Services Committee (HASC), after Bacon played up recent establishment media attacks on Defense Secretary Pete Hegseth.
Sen. Jim Banks said that we as a nation cannot pass on the American Dream if we let China dominate our country.
Sen. Jim Banks (R-IN) introduced the Nuclear Family Priority Act on Tuesday to restrict chain migration by eliminating visa eligibility for extended family members of migrants, telling Breitbart News that “it’s past time we restore order and put the American people first.”
Former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. Mark Milley has long been retired, but his shadow loomed large over a Senate hearing to confirm a new chairman on Tuesday.
Members of Indiana’s congressional delegation have signed a letter of support for a bill that would allow the state government to withhold state funds from any sanctuary town or city that interferes with the enforcement of federal immigration laws.
During an interview on Breitbart News Saturday, Sen. Jim Banks (R-IN) commented on the events that unfolded in the Oval Office on Friday during a meeting between Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and President Donald Trump, noting that Trump sent a message to the world that the United States would not “be taken advantage” of.
Sen. Jim Banks (R-IN) and Rep. Kat Cammack (R-FL) believe American taxpayers shouldn’t be keeping National Public Radio (NPR) afloat.
Elbridge Colby, President Donald Trump’s nominee to serve as the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, is the latest target of globalist critics after Trump’s other unconventional nominees like Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Bobby Kennedy Jr. and Director of National Intelligence (DNI) Tulsi Gabbard were confirmed last week.
Dr. Jay Bhattacharya, President Donald Trump’s choice to lead the National Institutes of Health (NIH). who was blackballed during the COVID pandemic for bucking scientific consensus, is “one the most exciting picks of all the Trump picks,” Sen. Jim Banks told Breitbart News.
Sen. Jim Banks (R-IN), during a speech on Tuesday night at the American Iron and Steel Institute, will highlight how President Donald Trump saved the steel industry and how the Hoosier senator wants to ensure that the American steel industry can “compete head-to-head with any country in the world.”
Sen. Jim Banks (R-IN) is introducing legislation to help President Donald Trump deliver on his number one campaign promise.
Images of “deportation flights” swept social media on Friday after White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt posted striking pictures capturing illegal aliens waiting to leave the country.
A populist proposal to auction off distressed federal government assets, such as loans, to pay for infrastructure and other policy priorities for working-class Americans is gaining renewed interest ahead of former President Donald Trump’s return to the White House next week.
Pete Hegseth’s confirmation hearing before the Senate Armed Services Committee “couldn’t have gone better,” new Senator Jim Banks (R-IN) told Breitbart News in an interview.
Sen. Jim Banks (R-IN) on Thursday revealed that Democrats are trying to delay Defense Secretary Nominee Pete Hegseth’s confirmation hearing, scheduled for Tuesday.
Sen. Jim Banks proposed to sanction Chinese officials who refuse to curb the flow of fentanyl precursors to the United States.
Senator Jim Banks (R-IN) said Sunday on CNN’s “State of the Union” that Speaker Mike Johnson (R-LA) secured his leadership position with the assistance of President-elect Donald Trump.
Sen.-elect Jim Banks (R-IN) announced his support for President-elect Donald Trump’s nominee for Defense secretary, Pete Hegseth, on Thursday.
The Republican Party has “to follow through” with what they said they “were going to do” once they were elected to office, Senator-elect Jim Banks told Breitbart News Saturday days after his election victory.
CNN’s Dana Bash appeared stunned as Senator-elect Jim Banks (R-IN) said Republicans will secure the border and carry out a mass deportation operation of illegal aliens, as they promised and the American people voted for.
Rep. Jim Banks (R-IN) has defeated Hoosier Democrat nominee Valerie McCray for the open Indiana Senate seat, according to projections.
Anti-Woke Caucus Chairman Jim Banks (R-IN) rebuked the Biden-Harris administration’s Navy Secretary Carlos del Toro for violating the Hatch Act and lowering standards for recruits, in a letter first obtained by Breitbart News.
House Armed Services Military Personnel Subcommittee Chairman Jim Banks (R-IN) said Vice President Kamala Harris either lied for political points or is “clueless” that thousands of American troops are risking their lives overseas.
The Biden-Harris Pentagon is refusing to answer questions from Congress and the media on Democrat vice-presidential nominee Gov. Tim Walz’s frequent travel to China — which poses risks for members of the military and can affect those seeking security clearances.
Many Republican veterans who are either in the House of Representatives or are running for the House are blasting Democrat vice presidential candidate Tim Walz amid stolen valor accusations.
Biden and Harris’s Department of Education is issuing a proposed rule to open taxpayer-funded college preparatory programs to illegal aliens.
If President Joe Biden cannot seek reelection due to cognitive issues, he cannot finish his term, according to Republican Rep. Nancy Mace of South Carolina, who is proposing a resolution demanding for Vice President Kamala Harris to invoke the 25th Amendment and become acting president.
Republicans are aiming to take back the Senate after floating in a 49-51 Democrat majority following the results of the 2022 midterms.
Donald Trump is “cementing the future of the America First movement” by choosing Sen. J.D. Vance as his running mate, Rep. Jim Banks said.
The photograph of the moment former President Donald Trump nearly lost his life in an assassination attempt will “live for ages to come,” Rep. Jim Banks said.
Rep. Jim Banks (R-IN), currently running to replace Mike Braun in the Senate, talks with Breitbart News’ Matthew Boyle at the Republican National Convention about the future of the America First movement in the Senate.
Former President Donald Trump has only become “stronger” from the various attempts to undermine him over time, according to Republican Congressman Jim Banks of Indiana, who praised the 45th president’s resilience following Saturday’s assassination attempt.
Rep. Jim Banks and Sen. Tom Cotton proposed a resolution to scrap an LGBTQ+ rule that attacks faith-based foster care families and providers.
On Wednesday, during an appearance on FNC’s “The Ingraham Angle,” Rep. Jim Banks (R-OH) discussed the possibility of a House Select Committee convening to investigate President Joe Biden’s health and how that may have impacted his decision-making progress on the Afghanistan withdrawal earlier in his presidency.
House Republicans are refuting a report that Donald Trump disparaged Milwaukee, the host city for the Republican National Convention in July.
Rep. Jim Banks (R-IN) in a letter on Tuesday urged Republican leaders on House Appropriations Committee to stop the U.S. government from partnering with Ukrainian actors targeting Americans, after a Ukrainian non-governmental organization published an enemies list consisting of American lawmakers, think-tanks, and media figures who questioned or opposed sending more taxpayer aid to Ukraine.
“Mike Johnson has handed the speaker’s gavel over to the Democrats,” Rep. Jim Banks (R-IN) said Saturday.
Rep. Jim Banks (R-IN) said he has “never seen a bigger flip-flop in politics” than he has with Speaker Mike Johnson (R-LA).
The House Freedom Caucus said that the path toward securing the border goes through killing Speaker Mike Johnson’s foreign aid package.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
