Headline:
 media 

Article Text:
 Pope Leo XIV urged reporters to do their part in protecting the “precious gift of free speech” in his first address to the media.
Mass media plunged head first into a full-fledged feeding frenzy mere moments after President Donald Trump unveiled his ambitious and wide-ranging tariff policy.
On Friday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “The Last Word,” Rep. James Clyburn (D-SC) said that Democrats have a good message, “The problem we’ve got, honestly, is that we have to depend upon the media to deliver it.” And “when you’ve got
On Tuesday’s broadcast of Newsmax TV’s “Finnerty,” The Hill Senior Political Correspondent Amie Parnes, one of the co-authors of “FIGHT, Inside the Wildest Battle for The White House”, said that members of the media “all tried to get at” President Joe
Variety is speculating (without evidence) that President Trump’s tariffs have caused China to consider banning Hollywood movies.
The Los Angeles Times has delivered another round of layoffs with the outlet’s business side slashed just weeks after 40 newsroom employees accepted buyouts.
Stranger Things actress Millie Bobby Brown took to social media to address criticisms of her appearance.
When in India, Indian officials openly say that large-scale Indian migration into the United States is a foundational priority for India.
On Thursday’s broadcast of Newsmax TV’s “Greg Kelly Reports,” Harvard Law Professor Emeritus Alan Dershowitz stated that you can’t trust The New York Times or CNN and “Today, objectivity is so hard to come by. And I’m hoping, perhaps, maybe
Breitbart News dominated the establishment media on Facebook in the first two weeks of President Donald Trump’s second term, according to data from the analytics giant NewsWhip.
On Wednesday’s broadcast of CNN’s “Laura Coates Live,” CNN Chief Media Analyst Brian Stelter stated that while CBS should have been transparent about the “60 Minutes” interview with then-presidential candidate Vice President Kamala Harris, “even transparency’s not always the answer, because
On Wednesday’s broadcast of NewsNation’s “Cuomo,” Rep. Stephen Lynch (D-MA) stated that whether taxpayer money should be spent on media subscriptions is “questionable.” And “We’re trying to save money, let’s look at it, is it necessary?” Host Chris Cuomo asked,
Establishment media personalities say they are already worn out from covering President Donald Trump and his resurgent drive to deliver the “Golden Age of America.”
A struggling pizza shop in Baltimore, Maryland, got a huge surprise just in time for Christmas from the founder of Barstool Sports, Dave Portnoy.
President-elect Donald Trump will file a lawsuit “today or tomorrow” against Iowa pollster Ann Selzer for allegedly skewing poll results to benefit Kamala Harris.
China’s dictator Xi Jinping has been invited to attend President-elect Donald Trump’s inauguration in January, according to a report from CBS News.
Political journalist Mark Halperin said he tried to tell liberals and those staunchly against President-elect Donald Trump that Vice President Kamala Harris (D) was going to lose the election.
On Friday’s “PBS NewsHour,” New York Times columnist David Brooks argued that Democrats should not respond to everything President-Elect Donald Trump does during his tenure “And if they think, oh, all we have to do is hit him on the
On Friday’s broadcast of “CNN Newsroom,” Rep. Robert Garcia (D-CA) stated that “People are going to find out and realize that everything he said he’s going to do, he’s actually going to do. And it’s unfortunate, with the amount of
On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher remarked that “The liberal media” are “always more offended than the victim.” And said that despite their claims that “women are so upset about Donald Trump. Women are a little
On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher stated that American newsrooms are one of several places “where nobody is allowed who doesn’t think exactly like you, just cleaving to the one true opinion.” After referencing Vice President
On Friday’s broadcast of CNN’s “Situation Room,” Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) said that if Republicans control both chambers of Congress and the White House, the best way to try to restrain a Trump presidency is public opinion and noted that
During NBC’s coverage of Tuesday’s election, NBC host and NBC News Senior National Correspondent Tom Llamas said that Texas Gov. Greg Abbott (R) busing migrants put “immigration on the front page of every major newspaper, day after day after day”
During the “Overtime” segment of Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher said that media outlets that accused 2024 Republican presidential candidate former President Donald Trump called for the execution of former Rep. Liz Cheney (R-WY) were lying
On Monday’s broadcast of “CNN NewsNight,” host Abby Phillip reacted to Washington Post owner Jeff Bezos’ op-ed defending the paper refraining from endorsing any candidate in the 2024 presidential race by stating that the “main issue” with the decline in trust in
Former Obama adviser David Axelrod implied that “liberal voters” in Asheville, North Carolina, would “figure a way to vote,” despite the damage from Hurricane Helene, while Trump voters would not.
On Monday’s broadcast of NPR’s “Morning Edition,” NPR Political Correspondent Danielle Kurtzleben said that “we have weeks until Election Day, and violence can have terrifying knock-on effects.” And cited as an example, “after the Trump assassination attempt in Butler, the
Vice President Kamala Harris opted to exit her motorcade on Monday wearing earbuds, attempting to make herself look too preoccupied to speak to the press as she departed Joint Base Andrews, en route to Detroit, Michigan.
Kamala Harris should promise to grow the economy by importing more migrant workers, consumers, and renters, a Washington Post Op-Ed says.
Attorneys for one of the illegal migrants who is accused of killing a 12-year-old Texas girl are seeking a protective order against negative media attention in the case.
“Race and gender” are key criteria in Vice President Kamala Harris’s selection of a media personality to host her first sit down interview since joining the presidential race, a report Monday in Politico Playbook revealed.
Vice President Kamala Harris and her party’s championing of football could cost them the election, according to a piece in the left-wing magazine The Nation that warned Democrats’ attempt to co-opt the iconic sport — which supposedly symbolizes conservatism, violence, and a brand of American “hypermasculinity” — could backfire by alienating younger, more progressive voters.
On Friday’s broadcast of HBO’s “Real Time,” host Bill Maher said that by avoiding the press, 2024 Democratic presidential candidate Vice President Kamala Harris treats them worse than 2024 Republican presidential candidate former President Donald Trump does. Maher said, “What
Democrats have given 200 social media influencers special “creator credentials” for the Democratic National Convention (DNC) taking place in Chicago this week.
On Friday’s broadcast of Bloomberg’s “Balance of Power,” Rep. Glenn Ivey (D-MD) said that while there will be time for 2024 Democratic presidential candidate Vice President Kamala Harris to do news conferences and interviews, she’s dominating the media and can
Vice President Kamala Harris delivered one of her infamous word salads when speaking unscripted about Thursday’s prisoner swap with Russia.
Avoiding questions from the media appears to be Vice President Kamala Harris’s strategy after accepting the nomination 12 days ago, Democrats acknowledged Friday.
The establishment media is lying about Vice President Kamala Harris’s do-nothing record since President Joe Biden promoted her to border czar, Sen. JD Vance (R-OH) declared in a speech on the border.
Establishment media outlets have long been happy to portray former President Donald Trump as the architect of calls for violence across the national political landscape.
On Monday’s broadcast of MSNBC’s “Chris Jansing Reports,” NBC News Chief Political Analyst Chuck Todd stated that there was an idea “by the left, in general,” “that deplatforming Trump was going to make him go away.” And that “mainstream news




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
