Headline:
 Pro-Israel Democrat Beaten, Robbed at Pro-terror October 7 Rally in NYC 

Article Text:
 Todd Richman, the co-chair of Democratic Majority for Israel, was beaten and had his Israeli flag stolen on Monday at a pro-terror protest in New York City to commemorate the October 7 attack.
As Breitbart News reported, there were pro-Hamas demonstrators at Columbia University on Monday, as part of city-wide protests by anti-Israel activists. Video of explicitly pro-terror protesters circulated on social media as well, with one group of protesters calling for Tel Aviv — Israel’s tech-savvy, left-wing, secular metropolis — to be destroyed:
Richman was a counter-protester. The organization he chairs advocates for pro-Israel policies within the Democratic Party.
The New York Post reported:
A pro-Israeli demonstrator was surrounded, attacked and bloodied by a pro-Palestinian crowd Monday, as thousands mobbed the streets of Manhattan on the first anniversary of the Oct. 7 terror attack on the Jewish State.
Todd Richman, co-founder of Democratic Majority of Israel, was seen on social media holding an Israeli flag while a mob of protesters mock him — and try to wrest the flag away from him.
Richman is seen trying desperately trying to stand his ground as the keffiyeh-draped protesters mock and accost him.
Video of the assault appeared on X (formerly Twitter):
Polls show that Democrats have become increasingly anti-Israel — even before the terror attacks of October 7 brought the antisemitism of the left into full view.Many of Vice President Kamala Harris’s key adviser are anti-Israel.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News and the host of Breitbart News Sunday on Sirius XM Patriot on Sunday evenings from 7 p.m. to 10 p.m. ET (4 p.m. to 7 p.m. PT). He is the author of The Agenda: What Trump Should Do in His First 100 Days, available for pre-order on Amazon. He is also the author of The Trumpian Virtues: The Lessons and Legacy of Donald Trump’s Presidency, now available on Audible. He is a winner of the 2018 Robert Novak Journalism Alumni Fellowship. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.
Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
