Headline:
 Ben & Jerry's 

Article Text:
 The founders of Ben and Jerry’s ice cream appear to be fighting a losing battle against the company that owns the brand, which is seeking to politically detoxify the product in the MAGA era.
Ben & Jerry’s cofounder, Ben Cohen, launched a meme contest to find and highlight the most egregious waste at the Department of Defense.
Ben & Jerry’s is unveiling a new ice cream flavor, “Kamala Coconut Jubilee,” as part of a twenty-city get-out-the-vote tour in partnership with the progressive organization MoveOn Political Action to elect Vice President Kamala Harris and other Democrats this November.
A tribal leader would like the colonialists known as Ben & Jerry to return their stolen land.
Paul Fitzgerald of the 1792 Exchange discusses Ben and Jerry of ice cream fame declaring that the U.S. must return “stolen indigenous land.”
Looks like Ben & Jerry’s is becoming “The Bud Light of Ice Cream.”
The left-wing colonialists and antisemites known as Ben & Jerry are facing a backlash determined to make their overpriced ice cream the next Bud Light.
What if it’s discovered that the Sioux stole the land that is now Mount Rushmore? Do we search for the ancestral victims of the Sioux and return Mount Rushmore to them?
Ice cream giant Ben & Jerry’s has called on the Biden administration to return “stolen indigenous land” as part of a divisive Fourth of July message.
Notoriously left-wing ice cream company Ben & Jerry’s has declared a halt to all paid advertising on Elon Musk’s Twitter. In a statement, the company said, “Musk and Twitter’s toxicity and tacit endorsement of hate and violence goes against everything our company stands for. Twitter must act today to end the extremist and violent content on the platform. Until that happens, Ben & Jerry’s will spend no money with Twitter and we call on all businesses and partners to do the same.”
Woke ice cream giant Ben & Jerry’s is being sued for its “hypocritical” use of child labor, despite the company’s oft-stated commitment to social justice causes.
Ex-NFL player Colin Kaepernick has refused to comment on charges that Ben & Jerry’s has been caught using child labor in its supply chain.
The Ben & Jerry’s board of directors on Tuesday bemoaned the sale of ice cream under its brand by the company’s Israeli distributor, Blue & White Ice Cream Ltd., reiterating its declaration that selling to Jewish people living in the West Bank was “inconsistent with our values.”
A federal court in New York on Monday ruled against Ben & Jerry’s bid to prevent its ice cream from being sold in the West Bank, Reuters reported on Monday.
Ben & Jerry’s took its parent company Unilever to a federal court in New York on Monday for the first hearing in its quest to stop the multinational from allowing its ice cream to be sold in Israeli settlements in the West Bank.
Ben & Jerry’s brand ice cream will once again be distributed in areas in Israel the left-wing corporation had labeled occupied.
New York State’s pension fund announced it will be selling its Unilever PLC shares, which total $111 million, due to the company’s subsidiary Ben & Jerry’s boycott of Israel’s occupied territories, the New York Post reports.
Florida is divesting all public funds from Ben & Jerry’s over the ice cream giant’s “anti-Semitic” decision to stop sales in Israeli settlements in the West Bank and eastern Jerusalem.
The eponymous founders of Ben & Jerry’s were left flummoxed when accused of hypocrisy over the company’s recent decision to stop selling its products in Israel, in what has been dubbed a “car-crash” interview with Axios on HBO.
The ultra left-wing ice cream company Ben & Jerry’s unveiled a new flavor, “Change Is Brewing,” in support of Rep. Cori Bush’s (D-MO) Black Lives Matter-approved policing and public safety act on Monday, contending it is time to “divest from systems that criminalize Black communities & invest in a vision of public safety that allows everyone to breathe free.”
Arizona is divesting all public funds from Ben & Jerry’s over the ice cream giant’s “anti-Semitic” decision to stop sales in Israeli settlements in the West Bank and eastern Jerusalem.
The Jewish founders of Ben & Jerry’s said they “unequivocally support” the ice cream maker’s move to boycott Israeli settlements in the West Bank, calling it “one of the most important decisions the company has made in its 43-year history.”
Republican Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis has put Ben & Jerry’s and its British manufacturer Unilever on a state watch list for its decision to stop the sale of its products in “disputed territories” in and around Israel.
Fox Business Network “Varney & Company” host Stuart Varney reacted to ice cream company Ben & Jerry’s announced plans to boycott Jewish settlements in the West Bank.
Aaron Klein, senior adviser to former Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, denounced ice cream makers Ben & Jerry’s boycott of Israel as “wokeness gone insane” on John Batchelor’s CBS Radio show this week.
Israeli President Isaac Herzog issued a harsh condemnation against boycotts of Israel after the ice cream makers Ben & Jerry’s announced its plans to end sales in what it termed the “Occupied Palestinian Territory,” calling them “a new kind of terrorism.”
Zionist Organization of America (ZOA) President Morton Klein blasted Ben & Jerry’s ice cream company on Tuesday while calling for the removal of its kosher certification.
Ben & Jerry’s ice cream is being pulled from the shelves of several supermarket chains in New York since the company announced its plans to boycott Jewish settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem, according to a report.
Israeli Prime Minister Naftali Bennett told the head of Unilever, which owns Ben & Jerry’s, the latter’s decision to end sales in what it termed the “Occupied Palestinian Territory” is an “anti-Israel” move that would be fought “vigorously.”
Ben & Jerry’s ice cream company faced a wave of backlash on Monday after announcing plans to boycott Jewish settlements in the West Bank.
Ben & Jerry’s ice cream company on Monday announced its plan to boycott Jewish settlements in the West Bank and east Jerusalem, or what it termed “Occupied Palestinian Territory,” in a move that sparked outrage.
Dozens of companies have signed a letter urging the Democrat-led Senate to pass the radical left’s measure designed to nationalize U.S. elections, the For the People Act, as it will, they say, override “abusive state laws.”
The fatal police shooting of Daunte Wright, a 20-year-old black man, is intrinsically “rooted in white supremacy,” according to the famous Vermont-based ice cream company Ben & Jerry’s, which made the assertion this week, calling to “defund” the police.
Ice cream giant Ben & Jerry’s has unveiled a mural and billboard honoring Colin Kaepernick in the Super Bowl host city of Tampa Bay.
The NFL’s original anthem protester has now become the inspiration for another type of original: A Vegan flavored social justice ice cream.
Unilever-owned Ben & Jerry’s received substantial backlash for a Twitter screed backing illegal immigration amid Britain’s ongoing boat migrant crisis.
Ben & Jerry’s wants to decide Britain’s policy on borders, immigration, and illegal aliens coming to Britain in people-smugglers’ boats.
Consumers of Ben & Jerry’s ice cream have a new flavor to choose from on Wednesday after the launch of a special treat with enhanced empathy called Cone Together, which is “dedicated to the refugee cause.”
Left-wing actress Jane Fonda avoided a fifth consecutive arrest on Friday as she continued her weekly series of climate-themed protests in Washington D.C.
The consumers of Ben & Jerry’s ice cream want their dessert garnished with a dollop of progressive sympathy for illegal immigrants, according to company CEO Matthew McCarthy.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
