Headline:
 CBP One 

Article Text:
 Beginning on May 7, illegal aliens can no longer fly without a “REAL ID,” according to Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Secretary Noem. The exception to the new flight identification standard is for those who are self-deporting.
The White House released a video that encourages illegal aliens in the United States to self-deport, and it showed several messages from President Donald Trump and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Secretary Kristi Noem warning them to either self-deport or risk deportation the hard way.
The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) ordered migrants who received immigration parole under the Biden-era CBP One app to leave the United States “immediately.” Since its inception in January 2023, more than 936,000 migrants have been granted immigration parole under the app.
President Trump announced the arrival of a new app called CBP Home that will help illegal aliens self-deport.
The Trump administration relaunched the Biden administration’s smartphone application used by nearly one million migrants to enter the United States as a self-deportation tool dubbed “CBP Home.” The new application will offer several features, including allowing illegal aliens to declare an intent to self-deport and leave the country.
A Venezuelan national and suspected member of the violent Tren de Aragua (TdA) gang is being charged by federal prosecutors with possessing a firearm as an illegal alien. According to the United States Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of Florida, the suspect entered the United States in Texas using the Biden administration’s now-disabled CBP-One smartphone asylum application to enter the United States in 2023.
Since being elected president in November 2024 and being inaugurated on January 20, 2025, President Donald Trump has kept several of his campaign promises.
According to a source within the Department of Homeland Security, hundreds of staffers who usually would not work on federal holidays have been kept at work on Martin Luther King Day in anticipation of the Trump administration’s immediate release of new operation instructions. The source says the biggest expectation of immediate policy changes will be in the border security arena.
U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers in riot gear shut down the international bridge to Mexico moments before President Donald Trump took the oath of office. During his inaugural address, the president said he would declare a state of emergency along the U.S.-Mexico border and ordered the end of the Biden-era CBP One immigration app.
Thousands of migrants continue to enter Mexico through its southern border as they work to get travel permits to make their journey to the U.S. border in hopes of getting asylum.
President Joe Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris’s parole pipeline has welcomed nearly 1.4 million migrants into American cities and towns — surpassing the populations of eight states.
A new migrant caravan of approximately 1,000 migrants departed from Mexico’s southern border this weekend to make its way to Mexico City. From there, the group is expected to disperse and find various ways to reach the U.S. border. The caravan is the second to start in Mexico since October 1, when the country’s new president, Claudia Sheinbaum, took office.
Elon Musk elaborated on why he believes the 2024 election will be “the last election we’re going to have” if former President Donald Trump loses in November.
Multiple sources report that a large group of mostly Central and South American migrants departed the southern Mexican state of Chiapas, intending to reach the U.S. border. The group reportedly demanded faster processing of transit permits from the new Mexican government under President Claudia Sheinbaum.
The Department of Homeland Security’s Office of the Inspector General (OIG) issued a scathing report criticizing agencies within the Biden-Harris administration for allowing released migrants without identification to board scheduled airline flights.
Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz (D) claimed at Tuesday evening’s vice presidential debate that President Joe Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris’s mobile app for migrants at the southern border has “been on the books since 1990.”
Sen. Marsha Blackburn spoke about the trafficking and drug crises thanks to the open border under the Biden-Harris administration.
The Biden-Harris administration released a Venezuelan migrant and his family onto the streets of Eagle Pass after they entered the U.S. via the CBP One cell phone app. The migrants said they were asked no questions regarding asylum or credible fear before being released into the U.S.
Mexico’s National Institute of Migration (INM) announced the arrival of the first bus of migrants under its new “Secure Emerging Mobility Corridor” program. The program offers migrants free transportation, including meals and security from the Mexico/Guatemala border to ports of entry in the United States, where they will be admitted under the Biden-Harris CBP One app.
A migrant, who was released into the United States, is now accused of murdering 25-year-old Dayana Garcia in Cleveland, Tennessee.
A Cuban national wanted in connection to a recent Tennessee murder was arrested in La Pryor, Texas, on Monday. The migrant entered the United States using the controversial CBP-One smartphone application, according to Tennessee Senator Marsha Blackburn (R).
The latest development between the Biden/Harris administration and the government of Mexico on the immigration front will see migrants provided bussing from two southern Mexico cities to the United States border. The plan will provide the migrants headed to the United States with meals and security during travel from the two cities to the U.S. destination where the migrant’s asylum appointments are scheduled under the CBP-One application.
According to U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), 15,645 Cubans arrived in the United States in July — an average of 504 per day.
Joe Biden and Kamala Harris’s parole pipeline has welcomed as many immigrants into the U.S. as the resident population of Dallas, Texas.
More than 170,000 migrants crossed President Joe Biden’s borders in July, but the TV networks and establishment media pretend the inflow was just 56,048 migrants during the run-up to the 2024 election.
The Biden-Harris administration announced on Monday that it will expand the controversial CBP One App irregular immigration program to make it even easier for migrants to enter the United States. The expansion of the program, never authorized by Congress, will enable migrants near Mexico’s southern border to enter the United States.
CBS News is declaring a border win for President Joe Biden by touting a claimed drop in border arrivals in July — while hiding the continued inflow of another 100,000 invited economic migrants into Americans’ workplaces and communities.
Illegal migrants who are bussed out of the country can use a cellphone app to re-enter the U.S., Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas says,
Rosabel Roca Sampedro, a Cuban prosecutor, has requested asylum in the U.S. on the CBPOne app, the U.S-based outlet Martí Noticias reported.
President Joe Biden’s executive order regarding the United States-Mexico border is unlikely to stop the administration’s mass release of migrants into American communities, an analysis from the left-wing American Immigration Council states.
A Haitian migrant, reportedly released into the United States via President Joe Biden’s parole pipeline, is now accused of double homicide.
Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis on Wednesday blasted President Joe Biden and his administration for continuing dangerous immigration policies, including secretly dumping illegal immigrants around the United States without alerting local or state officials via a humanitarian parole program.
President Joe Biden, with the help of Congress, is spending hundreds of millions in American taxpayer dollars on border security initiatives in foreign countries. At the same time, border crossings at the United States-Mexico border have surpassed 7.4 million since Biden took office.
President Joe Biden’s parole pipeline at the southern border has released almost 900,000 foreign nationals into the United States since its inception in January 2023 — outpacing the populations of Wyoming, Vermont, Alaska, and North Dakota.
The House Committee on Homeland Security will hold a hearing examining the Biden administration’s CBP One app, which is used by migrants to enter the country, on Thursday, March 21.
More foreign nationals have arrived in the United States through President Joe Biden’s parole pipeline at the southern border than residents live in San Francisco, California, new Customs and Border Protection (CBP) data reveals.
Breitbart Texas visited the Mexican sister city to Eagle Pass, Texas, to witness the daily flow of migrants using the Biden administration’s CBP One App to cross the Camino Real International Bridge. The crossings occur as the State of Texas continues to fortify the recently seized Shelby Park below.
The last actions by thousands of migrants crossing into Texas from Mexico are evidenced by discarded identity documents and detailed maps to the United States. The maps are provided to the migrants by several international organizations, including the United Nations, Doctors Without Borders, and the International Red Cross.
The House Committee on Homeland Security says the Biden administration is abusing its immigration parole authority by issuing near blanket approvals via the Department of Homeland Security’s CBP One immigration app.
President Joe Biden’s lax border policies welcomed roughly 250,000 more immigrants into the United States during July.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
