Headline:
 Philadelphia 

Article Text:
 An Uber driver was shot and killed Wednesday morning during an attack targeting the driver’s passenger outside a Philadelphia hookah lounge.
A policeman in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, did not let his fear of heights keep him from making a rescue in December when a young resident could have been hurt.
The eyes of the nation will be on the greatest wrestlers in the country this weekend at the NCAA Championships in Philadelphia, and President Trump will be there to cheer them on as well.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) arrested an illegal alien with prior drug trafficking convictions on Wednesday in Philadelphia, and she was not happy about it.
In what some may see as an ironic slap in the face, a street in Philadelphia is reportedly set to be named after actor Will Smith, who is native to the area.
The Philadelphia School District is moving to defy President Trump’s Title IX rules banning transgender athletes from girl’s sports.
At least two people were shot Friday in the Spring Garden neighborhood in Philadelphia during the Eagles’ celebratory Super Bowl parade.
Thousands of Eagles fans spilled out of bars and onto the streets of Philadelphia Sunday night after watching their team defeat the Kansas City Chiefs 40-22 in Super Bowl LIX.
A 10-year-old boy injured in the plane crash that happened in Northeast Philadelphia on Friday is recovering from a serious injury and talking to his family, his father told ABC 7.
A Philadelphia medical examiner has reportedly reversed the suicide ruling — upheld by former Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro — in the 2011 death of a teacher who was found with 20 stab wounds.
A 10-year-old boy’s parents said he is fighting hard in recovery after he was injured during Friday’s plane crash in Northeast Philadelphia.
President Donald Trump expressed sadness over the fatal plane crash in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on Friday night and noted, “Our people are totally engaged.”
The crash of a Jet Rescue Air Ambulance aircraft in northeast Philadelphia killed six people and left six people on the ground injured Friday evening. Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro called the crash “an awful aviation incident.”
Sen. John Fetterman (D-PA) and Gov. Josh Shapiro (D-PA) were among the Pennsylvania lawmakers who responded to reports of a plane crash at a mall in Philadelphia.
A plane crash in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, resulted in a large explosion setting several buildings on fire. Six people onboard the aircraft appear to have died in the crash, including a pediatric patient.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents conducted a raid at a car wash in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and arrested and detained seven illegal aliens who had been working there.
Celebrations turned wild and violent on Sunday as Philadelphia Eagles fans celebrated their team’s win over the Washington Commanders, reaching the 2025 Super Bowl.
More than 1,000 people were shot — fatally and non-fatally combined — in Democrat-run Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, during 2024.
Philadelphia Mayor Cherelle L. Parker is shying away from confirming Philly’s “sanctuary city” status in the wake of Donald Trump’s election.
The Pennsylvania Supreme Court on Wednesday ruled 6-0 against Philadelphia’s attempt to secure exemptions in the state’s preemption law sufficient to allow the city to enact its own gun controls.
A physician’s assistant at a Philadelphia hospital was reportedly fired over a post wishing “ectopic” pregnancies on the daughters of women who voted for President-elect Donald Trump.
Vice President Kamala Harris is being roasted online for her latest accent reveal after debuting an “MLK-esque” voice while speaking to voters at a predominantly black Philadelphia church.
“Killers of the Flower Moon” stars Robert De Niro and Leonardo Di Caprio will reunite in an attempt to boost Kamala Harris in the crucial battleground state of Pennsylvania when they take the stage in Philadelphia on Saturday.
Yet another black male voter has voiced his opinion on former President Barack Obama’s accusations against black men who do not support Vice President Kamala Harris’s campaign, telling MSNBC’s Alex Wagner that he was “deeply offended.”
Black supporters of Donald Trump in Philadelphia shared their reasons for opposing Vice President Kamala Harris with MSNBC in a special election episode of Alex Wagner Tonight.
Former President Donald Trump’s team is buying ads on what has been described as the “biggest R&B and hip hop radio stations” in Philadelphia, according to reports.
Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz (D) issued a seemingly triggered response to former President Donald Trump working at a Philadelphia McDonald’s on Sunday.
MSNBC host Alex Witt and Rep. Barbara Lee (D-CA) criticized former President Donald Trump for his visit to a Philadelphia-area McDonald’s where he served customers, stating that there was “no logic to it.”
Vice President Kamala Harris has been busted for spreading a hoax about a Trump rally in the Philadelphia suburbs on Monday, falsely claiming that there was something wrong with the former president for pausing and dancing.
Working-class voters in the deep blue city of Philadelphia are showing dramatic signs of switching their support to former President Donald Trump’s Republican Party.
A 16-year-old alleged robber put a fake gun in a man’s back Sunday night in Philadelphia only to have the man turn, pull a real gun, and shoot him.
The Philadelphia Firefighters’ & Paramedics’ Union Local 22 endorsed Pennsylvania Senate Republican candidate Dave McCormick on Thursday.
Matthew Gabriel pleaded guilty on Wednesday to two counts of giving law enforcement false terror tips against his fantasy football rival.
Vice President Kamala Harris (D) exhibited odd facial expressions during the debate with former President Donald Trump on Tuesday in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
An MS-13 gang member and migrant from El Salvador in the United States illegally has been charged with shooting at moving vehicles in Philadelphia.
Kamala Harris’s campaign is reportedly worried “asshole” Pennsylvanians are upset she did not select Gov. Josh Shapiro as her running mate.
Philadelphia Mayor Cherelle Parker has reportedly revealed Vice President Kamala Harris’s pick for a running mate in the 2024 presidential election through social media on Friday. In a post on X, Parker wrote that she was “proud to be back
Data from Philadelphia’s City Controller indicates there have been more than 650 shooting victims in the Democrat-run city thus far in 2024.
Nine people were shot, three of them fatally, when multiple gunmen opened fire during a party in Philadelphia Sunday around 2 a.m.
Police have arrested a woman in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, for allegedly yelling, “Fuck your baby!” and shooting an infant on Thursday.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
