Headline:
 shoplifting 

Article Text:
 On Wednesday’s broadcast of NewsNation’s “On Balance,” Rep. Glenn Ivey (D-MD) argued that because of the problems with violent criminals in the U.S., some of whom are immigrants, we should focus on them first “and then, if you’ve got time
A pair of New Orleans, Louisiana-area teens are dead and a third victim is critically injured after a car full of suspected shoplifters crashed into their vehicle while trying to evade police last Wednesday night, officials said.
A Rite Aid store in Compton, California, has placed nearly all of its merchandise under lock and key to combat rampant shoplifting plaguing the state.
Police in Delaware are looking for a suspect accused of getting away with a mountain of loot from a local pharmacy.
New York City has had nearly 22,000 reported shoplifting incidents since the beginning of the year, up five percent from the same period in 2023.
A trendy Los Angeles boutique has garnered positive attention for the very public way it has decided to shame shoplifters.
A Target worker thwarted alleged thieves outside the store on Monday in Gloucester Township, New Jersey.
Opponents of Proposition 47, the 2014 California ballot initiative that reduced criminal penalties in an attempt at reforming the justice system, said Thursday they have collected enough signatures for a referendum to amend it.
Two suspected shoplifters were hit by a car while fleeing the scene in Los Angeles, California, on Sunday.
The Albuquerque Police Department released body cam footage showing an officer on horseback chasing an alleged shoplifter who was on foot.
An alleged serial shoplifter told Chicago police he was surprised workers at the store he hit in Lincoln Park kept records of his activities.
A new Washington Post report has garnered backlash for blaming empty store shelves on “capitalism” and conservative-driven “moral panic.”
Rep. Mike Collins (R-GA) is introducing the “Laken Riley Act” named after 22-year-old nursing student Laken Riley who was murdered in Athens, Georgia, last month allegedly by an illegal alien who had criminal charges against him in two states.
A Mississippi police officer was arrested by her chief after allegedly attempting to walk out of a sporting goods store with stolen shoes.
A man is accused of shoplifting numerous times in Chicago after he was released due to Illinois’ elimination of cash bail.
A Florida couple accused of robbing a hardware store while wearing matching Cookie Monster pajamas has now had their 10 pets taken.
California Gov. Gavin Newsom (D) related Wednesday that he had been shocked to hear a clerk at a Target store blame him for the wave of shoplifting that has struck retailers in the state since the adoption of criminal justice reforms that he has backed.
Two major retailers in California’s Bay Area are putting socks and underwear under lock and key in an effort to deter shoplifters.
A Texas man is suing Walmart for a second time and wants either $100 million in damages or a lifelong shopping spree at no charge.
Washington Wizards guard Ryan Rollins who was accused of shoplifting from a Target store has been cut from the team, a report says.
New York City saw a mob of illegal aliens allegedly shoplift thousands of dollars worth of designer sunglasses from Bloomingdale’s.
Three employees at a Metairie, Louisiana, Academy Sporting Goods were fired after chasing a shoplifter who was allegedly stealing a pistol.
The House Oversight Committee’s Subcommittee on Counterterrorism, Law Enforcement, and Intelligence will hold a hearing on the surge of robberies and theft across the country titled “From Festive Cheer to Retail Fear: Addressing Organized Retail Crime” on Tuesday, December 12.
A teenager who pleaded gulty in the stabbing death of a Los Angeles man has been sentenced to five years in a juvenile facility.
A New York City supermarket butcher became a hero on Friday when he defended his autistic coworker from an unprovoked attack by a career criminal.
Sacramento County Sheriff Jim Cooper is frustrated with local Target leadership regarding shoplifting incidents in the California store, Fox Business reported Sunday.
Two illegal aliens have been arrested for allegedly shoplifting nearly $3,000 worth of Macy’s merchandise in DuPage County, Illinois.
Rampant shoplifting has driven some retailers to lock up items, which has many customers frustrated, a recent Inside Edition report found.
Two newly arrived illegal aliens have been released from jail in DuPage County, Illinois, after allegedly shoplifting nearly $2,000 worth of clothes from a Macy’s store.
Walmart employees complain of “safety issues” stemming from shoplifters as the big-box chain introduces more anti-theft measures.
Supermarket giant Kroger is spearheading a novel approach to fighting theft and errors at self-checkout lanes by deploying AI and camera technology, sparking a debate on customer experience, ethics, and privacy even as prominent chains dealing with massive shoplifting problems carefully watch how technology contributes to solving the problem.
On Thursday’s edition of WABC’s “Sid & Friends in the Morning,” New York City Mayor Eric Adams (D) reacted to Target closing one of its locations in the city due to theft by stating that more work needs to be
The California State Senate has passed a bill requiring employers to prepare workplace violence plans — without a controversial provision that would have prevented bosses from telling their employees to confront shoplifters.
An explosion of flash mob shoplifting and other retail crime has become one of the biggest threats facing American small businesses. As usual, far-left public policies are to blame.
The only thing that will stop this preventable epidemic of retail theft is real and serious consequences for those who are caught. Not doing this is a choice.
An alleged shoplifter fought with police Monday after trying to steal a television from a Target in Atlanta, Georgia.
A battered Lowe’s employee terminated for chasing after shoplifters was offered her job back at the store in Rincon, Georgia.
Walgreens has put chains on freezers in a San Francisco pharmacy location to deter theft, the company confirmed this week.
The Safeway store chain is installing anti-theft gates at more San Francisco locations, after a wave of shoplifting has hit its stores, and others, throughout the Bay Area.
Criminals have been given a “licence to shoplift” in the UK as police resources are spent elsewhere, warned the head of a major retailer.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
