Headline:
 trucking 

Article Text:
 U.S. trucking companies are undermined by lower-wage Mexican truckers who use B-1 visitor visas to snatch delivery contracts from American truckers after they deliver a load from Mexico, says a May 8 article on the FreightWaves.com website.
Aurora has become the first company to successfully operate a commercial driverless trucking service on public roads. The company’s autonomous trucks are driving Texas highways between Dallas and Houston.
Small business owners in the trucking industry are “concerned about Kamala Harris’ impact” regarding increased regulations and costs, a major Chicago-based trucking company executive said.
A generous trucking instructor in Minnesota is making sure community members have the skills they need to gain a better future.
Trucking company Yellow Corp. shut down on Sunday after 99 years, a move that has deeply affected tens of thousands of American workers.
The trucking industry is split over California’s aggressive emissions goals, with manufacturers striking a deal not to sue the state in return for short-term concessions — leaving local trucking companies out in the cold.
A recent report from the Wall Street Journal claims that e-commerce giant Amazon hired known dangerous trucking companies twice as often as its competitors.
The autonomous truck startup TuSimple is reportedly under investigation after trying to blame a self-driving truck crash as a result of “human error.” Autonomous vehicle researchers at Carnegie Mellon University say that assigning the blame to a human is misleading, and that common safeguards would have prevented the incident from taking place.
Uber has reportedly signed a deal with Google’s self-driving car company Waymo to launch an autonomous long-haul trucking project.
Transporting goods across the U.S. keeps getting more and more expensive with each passing month. Pete Buttigieg call your office!
Several trucking and retail trade associations are suing the Biden administration in the hopes of overturning its federal vaccine mandate.
October saw record-breaking increases in the prices of truck trailers, especially heavy-duty trailers, and record hikes for shipping by truck.
Mark Willis, host of SiriusXM’s Road Dog Trucking News, said vaccine mandates will worsen a national shortage of about 80,000 truck drivers.
A California high school is training students in truck driving amid a national shortage of drivers in the industry.
Home Depot on Tuesday is reportedly joining other large companies chartering ships to circumvent the supply chain crisis.
Google’s self-driving car company Waymo announced this week that it is working with trucking company JB Hunt to autonomously haul cargo loads in Texas. The trucks will haul loads between Houston and Fort Worth with a truck driver and Waymo technicians on board monitoring their performance.
The United Kingdom is facing an imminent food and medicine supply crisis, a leading trade association has warned, as nearly half of the nation’s freight lorries are out of service. The Road Haulage Association (RHA) has said that the British
Restrictions and closures hurting truckers will exacerbate shortages and rising prices of basic goods, warned Mark Willis, host of SiriusXM’s Road Dog News, in an interview with Breitbart News Editor-in-Chief Alex Marlow on Friday.
The American trucker is the front line of defense against coronavirus in a time when the supply of groceries and essentials is under strain as never before.
Rising wages for blue-collar truckers are a threat to the nation’s economy, says Jeff Bezos’ Washington Post.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
