Headline:
 ABC Debate Host David Muir’s Show Was 100% Positive For Harris, 93% Negative For Trump: Report 

Article Text:
 
One of the moderators for ABC News‘ presidential debate presented radically different coverage of both candidates on his nightly show on the network, according to a newly released media analysis.
The study from the Media Research Center found that the network’s “ABC World News Tonight” — hosted by David Muir, one of two moderators for Tuesday’s debate — gave 100% positive coverage to Vice President Kamala Harris since she entered the presidential race and a staggering 93% negative coverage to former President Donald Trump.
Analysts looked at all of the campaign stories that the show has aired from July 21 through the end of last week and found that there were “25 clearly positive statements about Harris from reporters, anchors, voters or other non-partisan sources, with zero negative statements — none. That computes to a gravity-defying 100% positive spin score for the Vice President.”
One of the moderators for ABC News‘ presidential debate presented radically different coverage of both candidates on his nightly show on the network, according to a newly released media analysis.
The study from the Media Research Center found that the network’s “ABC World News Tonight” — hosted by David Muir, one of two moderators for Tuesday’s debate — gave 100% positive coverage to Vice President Kamala Harris since she entered the presidential race and a staggering 93% negative coverage to former President Donald Trump.
Analysts looked at all of the campaign stories that the show has aired from July 21 through the end of last week and found that there were “25 clearly positive statements about Harris from reporters, anchors, voters or other non-partisan sources, with zero negative statements — none. That computes to a gravity-defying 100% positive spin score for the Vice President.”
“As for Trump, our analysts found just five clearly positive comments, vs. 66 negative statements, for a dismal 7 percent positive (93% negative) spin score,” the report added.
Tickets for “Am I Racist?” are on sale NOW! Buy here for a theater near you.
The survey excludes comments made by partisans and comments about where candidates stand in polling, the report said, meaning that all of the negative comments against Trump came from ABC News’ reporters and anchors or from alleged “non-partisan sources” who had negative things to say about Trump.
The survey found that “CBS Evening News” gave Harris 94% positive press on its show while giving Trump 77% negative spin.
Similarly, “NBC Nightly News” gave Harris 71% positive spin while giving Trump 86% negative spin.
Muir was so biased that his show never once described Harris as “liberal” or “progressive” — something that even CBS News and NBC News both did.
Muir refused to even show voters who opposed Harris — something that both CBS News and NBC News showed.
The show did not inform viewers of any controversies facing Harris — including her husband, Doug Emhoff, cheating on his first wife — but was quick to jump onto nearly all controversies surrounding the Republican nominee.
The other moderator for the debate, Linsey Davis, tried to suggest last month that Trump was connected to the KKK because of where he held a rally in Pennsylvania.
Davis made the smear against Trump while speaking to Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer at the Democratic National Convention.
“As you know, former President Donald Trump is expected to go campaign in Howell, Michigan, tomorrow,” Davis said. “Many people are aware that a month ago, in Howell, KKK protesters marched in the streets with the white robes on and suggested that they support Donald Trump.”
“I’m curious if you make anything about that connection and him going in particular to Howell tomorrow,” Davis continued.
The fact that Davis tried to suggest a connection between Trump and the KKK because he is visiting a town where a dozen fringe activists held a protest weeks ago highlights concerns that Trump has had about having a debate on ABC News, given the network’s bias against him.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
