Headline:
 Biden-Harris IRS Hiring DEI Specialist With Salary More Than 3x National Average 

Article Text:
 
The Biden-Harris Internal Revenue Service is hiring a senior diversity practitioner who could make nearly $200,000 in taxpayer funds each year, more than three times the national average income.
The position at the IRS is titled “senior diversity and inclusion specialist” and has a salary range of $122,198 to $191,900. The average annual American income in 2024 is $59,428, making the upper end of the IRS position’s salary range a full 3.2 times higher than average income. The specialist will be tasked with “identifying best practices that will incorporate diversity and inclusion in training material” and acting as a “trusted subject matter expert and source for diversity and inclusion educational services on the most complex and sensitive diversity and inclusion matters.”
The applicant selected for the role would also need to articulate “a sound business case for diversity that includes education and awareness at all levels of the organization” while tracking “diversity and inclusion education, marketing and communication strategies.”
The Biden-Harris Internal Revenue Service is hiring a senior diversity practitioner who could make nearly $200,000 in taxpayer funds each year, more than three times the national average income.
The position at the IRS is titled “senior diversity and inclusion specialist” and has a salary range of $122,198 to $191,900. The average annual American income in 2024 is $59,428, making the upper end of the IRS position’s salary range a full 3.2 times higher than average income. The specialist will be tasked with “identifying best practices that will incorporate diversity and inclusion in training material” and acting as a “trusted subject matter expert and source for diversity and inclusion educational services on the most complex and sensitive diversity and inclusion matters.”
The applicant selected for the role would also need to articulate “a sound business case for diversity that includes education and awareness at all levels of the organization” while tracking “diversity and inclusion education, marketing and communication strategies.”
The IRS job posting comes as the Biden-Harris administration has worked to embed the left-wing diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) agenda throughout the federal bureaucracy. The Daily Wire previously revealed that a DEI training for IRS criminal investigators cited and included content from a far-left transgender academic who called for the “death of whiteness” in a journal article titled “Dead Honky.”
The IRS is far from the only government agency that has been captured by leftist ideology and the DEI agenda.
The Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) celebrated pride month by offering transgender flag-colored manicures to intelligence agents and hosting a talk from a “transgender non-binary first-generation Filipinx-American activist and educator,” The Daily Wire previously revealed. ODNI also published a DEI newsletter that celebrated one crossdressing intelligence agent and warned against using “problematic phrases” when discussing Islamic terrorism.
The National Security Agency created a 34 page DEI glossary with terms like “white fragility” and “transmisogyny.” And the Department of the Interior published a guide to “inclusive language” that instructed bureaucrats to ditch gendered terms like “son,” “daughter,” “husband,” and “wife.” The department also hosted an “ally awards” ceremony, where some bureaucrats performed a diversity poem reading.
The Commerce Department is hiring a Diversity Program Specialist who’ll be tasked with establishing “strategic partnerships with external diversity related organizations,” among other duties. The active job listing includes a maximum salary of $128,956 a year.
Former President Donald Trump has indicated that he would gut the federal bureaucracy if reelected, reigning in those who would otherwise obstruct his policy agenda.
“We will pass critical reforms making every executive branch employee fireable by the President of the United States,” Trump declared at a rally, touting his plan. “The deep state must be brought to heel.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
