Headline:
 Our Towns And Our Pets Aren’t Safe Thanks to Third-World Migrants 

Article Text:
 
In early 2018, senators from both parties met with Donald Trump inside the White House. They were there to discuss the visa lottery system, which is a program that allocates visas to people from countries with “historically low” rates of immigration to the United States.
This is one of many government programs that’s existed for decades without anyone in power asking why it exists — even though a visa lottery like this makes no sense whatsoever. The only criterion we should have when deciding who gets to enter the United States is whether admitting those people would make the United States a better country. Whether or not their country is “underrepresented” in the United States should have no bearing on whether a potential migrant is awarded a visa. As simple and obvious as this point may be, you rarely hear anyone say it. Certainly, you don’t hear presidents say it.
But in his meeting with the senators, Donald Trump pointed out the problem right away. Trump specifically wanted to know why we were awarding visas to people from Haiti, one of the poorest and most dysfunctional countries in the entire world. (Depending on who you ask, Trump used slightly more colorful language than that.)
In early 2018, senators from both parties met with Donald Trump inside the White House. They were there to discuss the visa lottery system, which is a program that allocates visas to people from countries with “historically low” rates of immigration to the United States.
This is one of many government programs that’s existed for decades without anyone in power asking why it exists — even though a visa lottery like this makes no sense whatsoever. The only criterion we should have when deciding who gets to enter the United States is whether admitting those people would make the United States a better country. Whether or not their country is “underrepresented” in the United States should have no bearing on whether a potential migrant is awarded a visa. As simple and obvious as this point may be, you rarely hear anyone say it. Certainly, you don’t hear presidents say it.
But in his meeting with the senators, Donald Trump pointed out the problem right away. Trump specifically wanted to know why we were awarding visas to people from Haiti, one of the poorest and most dysfunctional countries in the entire world. (Depending on who you ask, Trump used slightly more colorful language than that.)
You probably remember the outrage that followed. There was an outrage cycle that lasted more than two weeks. Haiti’s government said Trump’s comments were “abhorrent.” The United Nations human rights office said Donald Trump had “damaged” and “disrupted” the lives of “many people.” Conan O’Brien started filming his show in Haiti, during which he repeatedly blamed Haiti’s collapse on the United States. “The Haitians have been dealt the worst hand in the Western Hemisphere,” he said, implying that we owe them housing and healthcare as a result.
WATCH: THE MATT WALSH SHOW
But none of the outrage addressed Trump’s fundamental question. At no point did anyone in the press, or the Democrat Party, explain why we need to admit more Haitians into the United States. No one addressed Trump’s concern, which is that giving Haitians visas — simply because they come from Haiti, and for no other reason — would dramatically lower the quality of life for American citizens.
As a result, two years after the manufactured outrage over Trump’s comments, lives have indeed been “damaged” and “disrupted,” as the United Nations put it. But those lives are not in Haiti. They’re in places like Springfield, Ohio, which were overrun with Haitians overnight. That is not hysteria. It’s clearly happening. This is a report from NPR — maybe the most Democrat-aligned media outlet in existence. But even NPR can’t spin the situation in Springfield.
“Around 2020, things in this town took an unexpected turn. Thousands of Haitian migrants, fleeing violence and poverty, landed in Springfield. Locals say it felt like it happened overnight,” NPR wrote. “On Sunday afternoons, you could suddenly hear Creole mass wafting through downtown streets. Haitian restaurants started popping up. … The town of around 60,000 has received some 15,000-20,000 migrants in the last four years, many of them from Haiti.”
I’ll say that again. A town of 60,000 people has received roughly 20,000 “migrants” in just the last four years. That’s a third of their population being added. This is a town that already had a poverty rate of more than twice the national average before the Haitians started moving in. This would be unsustainable even if Springfield were recruiting highly qualified, skilled immigrants. You can’t just massively increase your population very quickly without breaking things.
And things are indeed breaking in Springfield. Take a look at this data, from the FBI’s “Crime Data Explorer.” The blue line tracks the number of crimes reported in Springfield, Ohio.
FBI Crime Data Explorer
Notice how it’s pretty steady from 2012 to 2020. And then all of a sudden, the number of reported crimes surges. In fact, it more than doubles beginning in 2020, when this surge of migrants from Haiti arrives. One of those crimes was committed last August by Hermanio Joseph, a Haitian migrant who drove his minivan into a school bus, killing an 11-year-old child who was ejected from the bus.
The driver apparently had a “Mexican driver’s license and Ohio ID card, but no Ohio driver’s license.” Obviously, he shouldn’t have been in this country, much less driving on the road. But he was here. And for killing a child, he was only sentenced to about ten years in prison. These kinds of stories are now commonplace in Springfield.
Meanwhile, social services have been overwhelmed. The Daily Mail reported, “At the community health clinic, Haitian patients rose from 115 to 1,500 between 2021 and 2023, overwhelming services  Rocking Horse Community Health Center chief medical officer Yamini Teegala said language barriers meant a 15-minute consult took up to 45 minutes. ‘We lost productivity. We had a huge burnout of staff,’ she [said]. … The clinic hired six Haitian Creole translators, but its translation budget blew out from $43,000 in 2020 to $436,000, which Teegala said was unsustainable.”
Even with all this spending, Haitians are still terrorizing locals in Springfield. Here’s one woman at a city council meeting explaining that the town’s no longer safe for her to live in:
Absolutely HEARTBREAKING moment Springfield, Ohio, resident tells mayor that she “can’t take it anymore” as Haitian migrants squat on her lawn, litter in her yard and harass her and elderly husband daily.
The mayor of Springfield does NOT want people to see this: pic.twitter.com/OJtAy7LSXX
— captive dreamer (@captivedreamer7) September 7, 2024

In fact, it’s not just human beings who are being murdered as a result of this migrant surge. In Springfield, there are now reports on social media that Haitians are eating people’s cats. Residents at city council meetings are also complaining that Haitians are eating ducks on the side of the road. This is from just a week ago. Watch:
“Haitians are in the park grabbing ducks, cutting the heads off, and eating them”
Springfield resident to City Council: pic.twitter.com/aZLsOT8v2b
— End Wokeness (@EndWokeness) September 8, 2024
The man goes on to note that there are plenty of police in Springfield. It’s easy to get a traffic ticket. But apparently, it’s not easy to round up and deport the Haitians who are eating animals and crashing their cars into children. That’s not the government’s priority. He theorizes in that clip that maybe the government’s being paid off by somebody. That’s all he can think of.
But that doesn’t have to be the explanation. The Biden administration has a clear political motivation to import as many third-world aliens as possible because eventually, they’ll vote. And some local politicians in Springfield — which was devastated economically after the auto industry moved overseas — thought that more migrants would help the economy. And now here we are. Instead of helping the economy, the migrants are eating animals in public.
As unsettling as all of this is, you have to wonder whether this will be the thing that finally awakens people on the Left to the problem of rampant immigration. They don’t seem to care much when immigrants kill human beings. That doesn’t bother them in the slightest. But maybe they’ll care about the ducks and chickens and cats that are meeting an untimely demise. Presumably, the vegans will be rising up any day now. One wonders what the childless cat ladies will say when their cats end up in a Haitian’s crock pot — or whatever they use to cook them. After all, this isn’t just happening in Springfield, Ohio. It’s happening everywhere that illegal migrants are being imported.
That’s why there’s a similar crisis unfolding in Queens, New York, which is the borough that’s taking the brunt of the illegal migrant surge in the city. 70 of New York’s 193 taxpayer-funded migrant shelters are located in Queens, and hundreds of thousands of illegals have arrived in the city in the last two years. As councilman Robert Holden put it: “We’re getting dumped on here. How long can we sustain this? These shelters add nothing to the neighborhood. They only bring crime.”
Some of that crime involves eating animals, apparently. The New York Post reported, “Animal sacrifices are surging in Queens, with chickens, pigs and rats being tortured, mutilated or killed in ‘twisted’ religious rituals in parkland surrounding Jamaica Bay … In a little over a month, at least nine wounded animals or carcasses have been discovered in the federally-managed Spring Creek Park in Howard Beach and the Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge in Broad Channel — including five live pigs with partially severed ears. Creatures recovered from the revolting scene also include a near-dead baby rat tied up in a bag with chicken bones; a freshly-decapitated chicken head; a live hen in distress; and a dead dog with its neck snapped.”
This is being linked not to Haitians, but to “Hindu devotees who worship the goddess Kali.” Then there’s this quote, from Sloane Quealy, who runs Zion’s Mission Animal Rescue. “It’s continually getting worse. The animal sacrifices are happening more repeatedly, more times a week. The sacrificers know it’s open season.”
Yes, the “sacrificers” know it’s open season. And of course, those “sacrificers” typically have something in common, which is that they didn’t come from the United States. These episodes are yet more evidence of a simple truism: import the third world, become the third world. Culture matters. When you allow a flood of third-world people, you end up with an increasingly third-world culture. Anyone who has ever been to a third-world country knows that this is not an improvement. You get fight clubs on the streets. You get garbage all over the place and loud music playing around the clock. Watch:

He’s lived there for more than 30 years, and he’s “never seen anything like it.” But it’s happening now. Some of this may be because of the visa lottery, which allows people like this into the country illegally. A lot of it is because of asylum fraud or “temporary protected status” and so on. But the debate over whether these migrants are “illegal” or not isn’t really the main issue here.
That’s because, as hard as it may be for either party to admit, illegal immigration is not the only problem. Unchecked immigration of any kind — illegal or legal — creates the same problems in this country. We do not erase the downside of importing many thousands of Haitians every year just by importing them “legally.” The immigrants that are reportedly conducting blood sacrifices on the streets do not suddenly become acceptable because we give them a visa. The key point is that we do not want America to be like these places. We don’t want America to become like Haiti or any third-world country. Whether it becomes like Haiti or any similar place illegally or legally is basically irrelevant. If places like Springfield and Queens are ever going to become habitable again, the people running the government have to admit that. And then they have no choice but to get these people out of the country as quickly as possible.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
