Headline:
 Trump Corners Kamala On Late-Term Abortion. She Refuses To Say If She Supports Aborting Babies At Nine Months 

Article Text:
 
Former President Donald Trump pushed Vice President Kamala Harris to address her position on abortion during Tuesday night’s debate, pursuing a much-discussed strategy from pro-lifers to corner Democrats on abortion extremism.
As Harris argued that Trump supports a national abortion ban and insisted that he has taken a stand against in vitro fertilization, Trump fired back that no such abortion ban would ever reach his desk, and emphasized his support for IVF.
Then he pivoted, asking, “Will she allow abortion in the ninth month, eight month, seventh month?”
Former President Donald Trump pushed Vice President Kamala Harris to address her position on abortion during Tuesday night’s debate, pursuing a much-discussed strategy from pro-lifers to corner Democrats on abortion extremism.
As Harris argued that Trump supports a national abortion ban and insisted that he has taken a stand against in vitro fertilization, Trump fired back that no such abortion ban would ever reach his desk, and emphasized his support for IVF.
Then he pivoted, asking, “Will she allow abortion in the ninth month, eight month, seventh month?”
“Come on,” responded Harris, her face full of disapproval.
Donald Trump accuses Harris and Walz of radical abortion extremism: “Her vice presidential pick…says abortion in the ninth month is absolutely fine. He also says execution after birth (it’s execution, no longer abortion, bc the baby is born) is ok. And that’s not ok with me.” pic.twitter.com/6t6Z9mRQkn
— Mary Margaret Olohan (@MaryMargOlohan) September 11, 2024
“Would you do it?” he persisted. “You could do abortions in the seventh month, eight month, ninth month, and probably after birth. Just look at the former governor of Virginia … said we put the baby aside and then we determine what we want to do with the baby.”
Trump was referring to former Democratic Virginia Gov. Ralph Northam, who endorsed the idea that a woman should be able to let her infant die on the table if that baby is born alive in an abortion — and she doesn’t want it to live.
Tickets for “Am I Racist?” are on sale NOW! Buy here for a theater near you.
“So in this particular example, if the mother is in labor, I can tell you exactly what would happen, the infant would be delivered, the infant would be kept comfortable, the infant would be resuscitated if this is what the mother and the family desired, and then a discussion would ensue between the physician and the mother,” Northam said at the time.
Harris, on Tuesday night, would not say if she would protect babies in the seventh, eighth, or ninth month of pregnancy. Her campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
VA gov on abortion this morning:
“If a mother is in labor…the infant would be delivered. The infant would be kept comfortable. The infant would be resuscitated if that’s what the mother and the family desired, and then a discussion would ensue between the physicians & mother” pic.twitter.com/cc15pVLjIQ
— Caleb Hull (@CalebJHull) January 30, 2019
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
