Headline:
 WATCH: Eric Swalwell Loses It On The House Floor — Over A Cat Meme 

Article Text:
 
Rep. Eric Swalwell (D-CA) launched into an angry tirade on the House Floor on Tuesday, all over a meme that showed former President Donald Trump hugging a cat and a duck.
The meme, which had been shared by the House Judiciary Committee Republicans, was a reference to several reports that Haitian migrants were overwhelming an Ohio town — and had apparently been seen taking ducks from a local park to eat. Another report claimed the a migrant woman had killed and eaten a cat, although it was not confirmed that she was Haitian.
“Protect our ducks and kittens in Ohio!” the caption read
Rep. Eric Swalwell (D-CA) launched into an angry tirade on the House Floor on Tuesday, all over a meme that showed former President Donald Trump hugging a cat and a duck.
The meme, which had been shared by the House Judiciary Committee Republicans, was a reference to several reports that Haitian migrants were overwhelming an Ohio town — and had apparently been seen taking ducks from a local park to eat. Another report claimed the a migrant woman had killed and eaten a cat, although it was not confirmed that she was Haitian.
“Protect our ducks and kittens in Ohio!” the caption read
Protect our ducks and kittens in Ohio! pic.twitter.com/YnTZStPnsg
— House Judiciary GOP 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 (@JudiciaryGOP) September 9, 2024
Swalwell was beside himself as he scolded Judiciary Committee Chairman Jim Jordan (R-OH), insisting that reports of illegal aliens eating pets had been “debunked.”
“What in the hell is this?” he asked, waving his hand dramatically. “The Chairman tweets, ‘protect our ducks and kittens in Ohio’ because he goes some down — he goes down some crazy rabbit hole, completely debunked, that aliens are eating pets?”
After briefly burying his face in his hand, Swalwell continued, the pitch of his voice rising, “My God. Are you okay, Mr. Chairman? Because last year, for a very long time, you tweeted and promoted Kanye West as he was calling for genocide against the Jews and you kept it up, and now, when we have victims coming here, you’re tweeting this nonsense.”
Tickets for “Am I Racist?” are on sale NOW! Buy here for a theater near you.
Swalwell put his head in his hands again.
“I — I don’t know why you would do this. I hope you’re okay,” he kept at it, apparently trying to suggest that Jordan might be hallucinating. “I don’t know if the aliens who are eating your ducks are in the room with us right now, but, Mr. Chairman, this is a serious issue. These people have loved ones who have been lost, and you tweeted this.”
WATCH:
Eric Swalwell just had a FULL ON MELTDOWN about cat memes…
“What in the hell is this?!” pic.twitter.com/lWrj9Cq0XD
— Townhall.com (@townhallcom) September 10, 2024
Later on in that same hearing, witnesses unloaded on the Democrats in the committee, saying that they had been more interested in lecturing the families of the victims of crimes committed by illegal aliens than they were in proposing actual solutions.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
