Headline:
 ABC News Debate Moderator Linsey Davis Smears Trump, Suggests He’s Connected To KKK 

Article Text:
 
ABC News host Linsey Davis, who is set to co-moderate the network’s presidential debate in Pennsylvania next month, appeared to suggest Monday night that the former president was headed to a small town in Michigan because of the Ku Klux Klan.
Davis made the smear against Trump while speaking to Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer at the Democratic National Convention.
“As you know, former President Donald Trump is expected to go campaign in Howell, Michigan, tomorrow,” Davis said. “Many people are aware that a month ago, in Howell, KKK protesters marched in the streets with the white robes on and suggested that they support Donald Trump.”
ABC News host Linsey Davis, who is set to co-moderate the network’s presidential debate in Pennsylvania next month, appeared to suggest Monday night that the former president was headed to a small town in Michigan because of the Ku Klux Klan.
Davis made the smear against Trump while speaking to Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer at the Democratic National Convention.
“As you know, former President Donald Trump is expected to go campaign in Howell, Michigan, tomorrow,” Davis said. “Many people are aware that a month ago, in Howell, KKK protesters marched in the streets with the white robes on and suggested that they support Donald Trump.”
Tickets for “Am I Racist?” are on sale NOW! Buy here for a theater near you.
“I’m curious if you make anything about that connection and him going in particular to Howell tomorrow,” Davis continued.
The fact that Davis tried to suggest a connection between Trump and the KKK because he is visiting a town where a dozen fringe activists held a protest weeks ago highlights concerns that Trump had about having a debate on ABC News, given the network’s apparent bias against him.
ABC News announced last week that Davis would co-moderate the network’s presidential debate in Pennsylvania next month with network colleague David Muir.
Howell has a population of more than 10,000 people and it’s located in a swing state that will play a critical role in determining who wins the White House.
Davis’ suggestion that Trump somehow had a “connection” to the KKK comes after someone shot Trump during a rally in Pennsylvania last month. Trump narrowly escaped with his life as he turned his head moments before the gunman opened fire and a bullet pierced his ear.
Left-wing ABC News host Linsey Davis, who is going to moderate the network’s presidential debate between Harris and Trump next month, tries to connect Trump to the KKK
How is this person allowed to be a debate moderator? pic.twitter.com/VSLt0OFtSS
— Ryan Saavedra (@RealSaavedra) August 20, 2024
The march in the town last month garnered very little media attention. There were approximately a dozen protesters who participated.
WATCH THE TRAILER FOR ‘AM I RACIST?’ — A MATT WALSH COMEDY ON DEI
Images of the protesters did not show anyone wearing “white robes,” as Davis claimed. Some of their clothes appeared to have symbols that were associated with white supremacists.
The protesters completely covered their faces, so there was no way of knowing who they were as they held signs that said things like “White Lives Matter,” “End The War On White Children,” and “Fight Against White Replacement.”
Local media said that they chanted “Heil Hitler” and that they expressed support for Trump.
The ABC debate is currently the only one Harris has accepted.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
