Headline:
 Cacklin’ Kamala’s Newest Rebrand Is A Total Joke 

Article Text:
 
At the beginning of the year — before it was clear that Kamala Harris would replace Joe Biden on the ticket — the Washington Post ran an op-ed entitled, “For the country’s sake, Vice President Harris should step aside.” The editorial called Harris a “colossal failure” and specifically criticized her for “cackling” at strange and unsettling moments.
Around the same time, in April, a CNN panel also discussed whether Joe Biden should ditch Kamala Harris. And again, they didn’t just discuss her job performance. They also cited her frequent, Joker-like cackling as one of the reasons she’s so unappealing to voters. Watch:
At the beginning of the year — before it was clear that Kamala Harris would replace Joe Biden on the ticket — the Washington Post ran an op-ed entitled, “For the country’s sake, Vice President Harris should step aside.” The editorial called Harris a “colossal failure” and specifically criticized her for “cackling” at strange and unsettling moments.
Around the same time, in April, a CNN panel also discussed whether Joe Biden should ditch Kamala Harris. And again, they didn’t just discuss her job performance. They also cited her frequent, Joker-like cackling as one of the reasons she’s so unappealing to voters. Watch:
April 26, 2024. CNN roundtable discusses how Kamala Harris may actually be dragging Biden down in his bid for re-election.😂
They discussed the fact that people don't like her, including swing voters, and that her voice is annoying.🤣 pic.twitter.com/sukcAwalTY
— MAZE (@mazemoore) July 26, 2024
Even the feminists on the panel conceded that Kamala Harris has issues “communicating” with voters. This was an unusual moment of honesty that came about because at the time, Democrats were still fantasizing about swapping Kamala Harris out for a candidate that voters might actually like.
Of course, that opportunity came and went following the coup that took down Joe Biden. And as a result, these types of discussions have mostly disappeared from places like CNN and the Washington Post. Criticizing a woman’s tendency to cackle at inopportune times is considered sexist when she could become the first female president.
But the underlying issue never went away. Just because the press doesn’t want to talk about Kamala Harris’ cackle anymore doesn’t change the fact that most people think it’s extremely off-putting. It still projects the image of an airhead or a day drinker, rather than a competent presidential candidate. And obviously she can’t bring herself to stop doing it, no matter how many times they’ve probably tried to tell her to knock it off. So the Kamala Harris campaign needed to come up with some kind of solution to the problem. They had to find a way to put a positive spin on their candidate’s behavior, especially if they were going to accuse the other side of being “weird.”
Over the past few weeks, it’s clear what solution they came up with: They’ve decided to rebrand Kamala Harris as the candidate of “joy.” Instead of disturbing voters, we’re now led to believe that her laugh is a completely normal and healthy sign of how happy she and her supporters are. And so, just a few months after the corporate press told us that Kamala Harris’ laughter was one of her biggest liabilities, there’s been an incessant drumbeat from the media to convince us that it’s somehow an asset.
There have been about a million contrived articles to this effect. Rolling Stone for example declared that Kamala Harris has adopted the “Politics of Joy,” which is apparently the “Best Way to Fight Fascism.” As Rolling Stone put it, “History shows that joy and mockery are key to taking down existing or would-be authoritarian regimes.” (Never mind the fact that the Nazis set up an organization called “Strength Through Joy,” which would seem to be a factoid from history that contradicts Rolling Stone’s thesis.)
Meanwhile The Guardian reported, “Democrats’ joy is unconfined as Harris and Walz take upbeat message on tour.” The article quoted Tim Walz as saying, “Thank you, Madam Vice-President, for the trust you put in me but, maybe more so, thank you for bringing back the joy.” For its part, Salon ran a similar headline: “Why joy matters: Kamala Harris hopes happy women can defeat Donald Trump and MAGA’s male rage. … Kamala Harris bets the election on women’s joy. Donald Trump stakes his hopes on men’s anger.”
To illustrate the point even further — just in case the other ten thousand articles didn’t drive home the message enough — The New Yorker’s latest cover featured Donald Trump and JD Vance looking forlorn, going down on a rollercoaster. Meanwhile Kamala Harris and Tim Walz are going up the rollercoaster, and they’re waving their hands around with a gust of wind behind them.
The New Yorker's latest cover: pic.twitter.com/xiriF1Xp5E
— Daily Caller (@DailyCaller) August 19, 2024
I don’t know how many roller coasters the editors of the New Yorker have been on, but the fun part is going down. That’s when you get all the momentum and everyone goes crazy. That’s when the theme park takes your photo and you share it on social media and everyone says, “Look how joyful that guy is at the theme park.” On the way up, there’s supposed to be anticipation. It’s also supposed to be a lot slower going up than going down, because of the laws of physics.
But the New Yorker is willing to suspend the laws of physics and the rules of good cartoon-making to play their small role in the media-wide rebrand of Kamala Harris’ cackle.
They are willing to completely debase themselves for the privilege of selling this narrative that no one believes.
Speaking of over-selling the narrative, Tim Walz has taken to wildly gesticulating and prancing around at every rally he attends. It’s maybe the most unnatural display of fake sincerity by a vice presidential candidate since John Edwards was around. But Tim Walz has to do it because the rebrand states that Kamala Harris’ campaign is joyful now, so he has to play along. Watch:
Omg, I love his enthusiasm. It’s contagious!
Let’s go, @Tim_Walz! #HarrisWalz2024 pic.twitter.com/YkWoElcYkJ
— best of kamala harris (@archivekamala) August 17, 2024
It was, what, a year ago that Donald Trump saying “fight like hell” was supposedly evidence that he’s a violent insurrectionist who belongs in prison. Now we have Tim Walz repeatedly telling his supporters to “fight.” And they repeat the chant back at him. And this time around, it’s supposedly a sign of “joy.” Not only is it not criminal, it’s something to celebrate. And then Tim Walz starts clapping and waving his arms hysterically.
It’s obviously choreographed and disingenuous, but they keep doing it at every single rally and public appearance. So we get tons of images of Tim Walz like this one:
Walz is literally "light in the loafers." He is the epitome of every foolish white male portrayed in recent TV sitcoms and DEI commercials. pic.twitter.com/qO0TMi2ZTS
— Stone Age Paterfamilias 🌲🪓 (@PaterFamilian) August 19, 2024
That’s the “goofy guy” who helped create the gay club at his high school, before he’d go on to require that tampons were distributed in boy’s bathrooms. Nothing to see here. He’s just “joyful,” along with the rest of the Democrats.
In order to buy that Democrats are now the party of joy, you don’t just have to overlook how fake and thrown-together this whole act is. You also have to ignore what Democrats are saying and doing. You have to set aside all of the examples of the Democrat Party going out of its way to spread guilt, resentment and fear.
For instance, you’d have to completely overlook the first page of the DNC’s 2024 platform, which amounts to an apology for the existence of America. The very first thing they do — before they get into how they’re going to institute price controls and raise the corporate tax rate and so on — is recite a land acknowledgement.
The Democratic National Committee wishes to acknowledge that we gather together to state our values on lands that have been stewarded through many centuries by the ancestors and descendants of Tribal Nations who have been here since time immemorial. … While we meet in Chicago, we also recognize and honor the traditional homelands of the Anishinaabe, also known as the Council of the Three Fires: the Ojibwe, Odawa, and Potawatomi Nations. We acknowledge the many other tribes who consider this area their traditional homeland, including the Myaamia, Ho-Chunk, Menominee, Sac and Fox, Peoria, Kaskaskia, Wea, Kickapoo, and Mascouten.
The 1st page of the 2024 DNC platform is an apology for America's existence: pic.twitter.com/5ITI2OwkyS
— End Wokeness (@EndWokeness) August 19, 2024

In case you’re wondering, yes, this land acknowledgment was copy-pasted from somewhere else. You can find those same tribes, in that same order, all over the Internet. Whoever put this in the DNC platform has no idea what the Ho-Chunk or Wea tribes were. And for that matter, the person who wrote this land acknowledgement in the first place has no idea either. The point of this document is not to celebrate these tribes. It’s not to condemn conquest, either, since these tribes weren’t the first ones to exist on this continent. The point is to condemn the United States for existing, and to instill guilt in as many Americans as possible. That is not joy. It’s a pretext for the destruction of our civilization.
Of course the destruction of civilization also entails a complete breakdown of law and order, which we’ve also seen already during the DNC. The Washington Free Beacon’s Joe Simonson reported early in the evening that scores of people were filing out of the DNC because of how dangerous it was becoming outside: “Insane security failures. People are turning around and leaving. All because of fear about protests. Clown show.”
Meanwhile, The Daily Wire’s Brent Scher observed that people were “getting trampled” and “jumping over barriers” during the panic. He reported that one floor delegate called the situation “absolute chaos,” and that the DNC is “the worst event I’ve ever been to.”
Outside the United Center, Left-wing agitators were destroying fencing and clashing with police. Watch:
Another gate has come down and protestors are officially flooding the first barrier protecting the United Center and the DNC | @FrontlinesTPUSA pic.twitter.com/hh8T9dsEMu
— Savanah Hernandez (@sav_says_) August 19, 2024
At the DNC in Chicago. This is disturbing. They’re completely driven by hate. pic.twitter.com/71fEKyFuJF
— Joel Berry (@JoelWBerry) August 19, 2024

Instead of condemning any of this, Joe Biden said last night that a lot of these protesters have a “point.”
You may remember that there weren’t rows of boarded-up buildings during the RNC in Milwaukee. Riot police didn’t fight with protesters who tore down security fencing. No one spat on the cops. Those are scenes that are reserved for the party of joy. When you’re joyful, you destroy property and attack the police.
You also invite a bunch of speakers to the DNC to explain, one after the other, why you should be irrationally fearful at all times. That’s what happened last night. Steve Kerr — the same coach who refuses to bad-mouth China because the NBA makes a lot of money there — claimed that it’s “dangerous” to speak your mind in America today. A state senator warned that Donald Trump would inevitably “weaponize the Department of Justice to go after his political opponents.”
Imagine that. Andy Beshear said that Donald Trump and JD Vance don’t believe in the concept of freedom. Joe Biden himself screamed his way through every single debunked hoax he’s repeated before — the “very fine people” hoax, the “suckers and losers” hoax, the “dictator on day one” hoax, and the “bloodbath” hoax” — all to incite as much division as possible. And so on. All of this is supposedly joyful, we’re told again and again.
One of the reasons Democrats are pushing this message so aggressively, even though it’s obviously false, is that it helps reframe the national political debate. Just by talking about “joy,” and by baiting their opponents into responding to this fraudulent narrative, Democrats are distracting from a series of problems they have — including a historically unlikable candidate with Venezuelan politics. So even a debate over whether Democrats are really “joyful” or not, indirectly, does help them out.
We should reject the premise. Spreading joy isn’t the job of the president in the first place. The president has a lot of responsibilities, but that’s not one of them. We don’t look to the President to find out what emotional states we should be experiencing. But even if we did — even if we accepted this strained, artificial attempt to reframe Kamala Harris’ obvious weakness — then we certainly wouldn’t look to the modern Democrat Party for joy. As the DNC has already demonstrated, they are without question the least joyful political party that has ever existed.
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
