Headline:
 Documents Reveal How George Soros Controls Prosecutors 

Article Text:
 The Soros network 'remains in the driver seat' after getting prosecutors elected, according to the Media Research Center
George Soros and his son, Alex, have spent at least $117 million since 2016 to reshape America’s justice system. They’ve been successful: three in 10 Americans now live under a Soros prosecutor.
But the Soroses’ influence doesn’t end on Election Day. After Soros-backed prosecutors take office, the family’s apparatus tells them what to do, documents show.
The Media Research Center obtained nearly 8,000 pages of internal documents through public records laws that show how a Soros-funded group called Fair and Just Prosecution (FJP) “directed Soros prosecutors to manipulate the rule of law concerning illegal immigration, drugs, abortion, election integrity, capital punishment and laws against childhood sex changes.”
MRC’s yearlong investigation suggests that Soros maintained influence over his chosen candidates after their elections were over. FJP had the Soros-backed attorneys sign 33 pledges to not enforce certain laws — including election integrity measures and immigration laws — and attend more than 50 meetings or “convenings,” some of which were “mandatory.” FJP pressed prosecutors to let criminals off the hook if they are black, having them pledge to “reduc[e] racial disparities in case outcomes by at least 20%.”
FJP’s influence can be seen on some of the most high-profile Soros prosecutors. Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg sought to indict former President Donald Trump for his role in the January 6 protests after the group said it wanted to hold Trump “accountable.” Since-ousted San Francisco District Attorney Chesa Boudin was in contact with FJP on a daily basis. On 20 occasions, FJP sent prosecutors “templates” of press releases they should send out, as well as social media posts to “adapt.”
“Being a Soros prosecutor means extensive, free access to expert political consulting firms, complete with detailed polling and field-tested messaging strategies,” the MRC’s report found. “FJP remains in the driver seat, though, even going so far as to draft social media posts for its prosecutors so they can better coordinate their messaging.”
At the meetings, Soros prosecutors got talking points and marching orders. At one meeting, political consultants told the assembled prosecutors to frame ignoring property crime as “reprioritizing resources” to “solve more murders.” The consultants cited polling that showed this messaging was more popular than simply acknowledging that prosecutors were not prosecuting lesser crime.
The Soros operation also pushed prosecutors to use mental or physical health specialists instead of police by sharing polling that showed that the idea was popular.
Soros has poured the kind of money normally reserved for statewide campaigns low-profile local prosecutor races. The Hungarian billionaire generally targets primary elections in blue areas, funding radical progressives in their races against more moderate Democrats. Once in office, these “progressive prosecutors” often decline to enforce laws they find objectionable.
When new Soros-backed prosecutors were first elected, they would meet with experienced Soros prosecutors for guidance. Bragg and Arlington, Virginia attorney Parisa Dehghani-Tafti traveled to Los Angeles District Attorney George Gascon’s office in 2021. Dehghani-Tafti this year declined to enforce the law against pro-Palestinian protestors who camped outside Secretary of State Antony Blinken’s home.
The Soros network used money and influence to burnish its district attorneys’ profiles and keep them in office. FJP wrote and placed op-eds on behalf of prosecutors.
Rachel Rollins, who briefly served as U.S. Attorney for Massachusetts before resigning amid an ethics investigation, served on the advisory board of a project affiliated with the taxpayer-funded PBS. She used her position to push the network to film an eight-part documentary about Philadelphia’s radical prosecutor Larry Krasner.
Another Soros group bankrolled a glowing documentary about Boudin. The documentary celebrated Boudin’s father, a domestic terrorist and cop killer, for his “lifetime of commitment to those struggling.” FJP celebrated when New York Gov. Anthony Cuomo let Boudin’s father, a member of the Weather Underground, out of prison early.
Even as it advocated for less prosecution of ordinary criminals, the Soros network pushed aggressive prosecution of police and conservatives. FJP connected prosecutors with the Soros-funded Anti-Defamation League, which provided them with “resources” on ow to prosecute people for “extremism.” The Anti-Defamation League says that anyone who opposes Antifa is a “white supremacist,” the MRC report said.
“On at least 12 separate occasions, FJP sent out celebratory emails when one of their network prosecutors indicted or convicted a police officer. FJP implied the indictment race was some sort of competition, rejoicing that ‘in the last 18 months, [George Gascon’s] office has charged 19 police officers,'” the report said.
FJP had Gascon train other Soros attorneys how to prosecute police. A top Gascon deputy was later charged with illegally accessing police officers’ private information.
FJP also worked directly with the Biden administration.
In 2021, then-Deputy Associate Attorney General Theron Pride attended one of the private Soros prosecutor meetings. Pride was in charge of doling out federal grants. Pride later left government to run a Soros-funded group. Kristen Mahoney, who at the time led the Bureau of Justice Assistance, the “leading source of federal funding” to states and cities, also met with them. FJP highlighted how Mahoney’s federal agency gave grants to at least five Soros DAs.
Soros also funded “lavish junkets” for attorneys to Germany, which has one of the strictest censorship regimes in the world. FJP said that “Germany now diverts almost all people away from prison.” MRC’s report said that “Germany’s socialist government recently decriminalized possession of child pornography, but upheld the conviction of an opposition party leader for posting the government’s official crime statistics on social media.”
Some Soros prosecutors have faced political blowback for their progressive tendencies. Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis removed one such prosecutor, Andrew Warren, after he signed one of the FLP statements, which DeSantis said proved “that Warren thinks he has the authority to defy the Florida Legislature and nullify in his jurisdiction criminal laws with which he disagrees.”
But enforcing the laws could land these prosecutors in hot water with the Soros network, the MRC reports.
“When the prosecutors follow the Soros groups’ directions, they are rewarded. When they choose the law over the Soros machine’s orders, they are removed.”
In Texas, five Soros attorneys’ “work on pledges and sabotaging the attorney general’s enforcement of the laws meant they were now taking orders from the Soros machine to directly contradict their oaths of office,” the MRC found.
“Soros groups shielded the Texas Five from the consequences of their actions, footing their personal legal bills and helping them lobby the legislature to ignore their actions. A sixth Soros prosecutor refused to go along with this ploy, and as a result was ruthlessly targeted by the Soros machine and defeated,” the MRC said.
That sixth prosecutor became concerned that the progressive contingent’s policies had contributed to a crime wave and began dialing back. Soros dumped money into unseating her in a primary.
One of the Texas DAs, Nueces County DA Mark Gonzalez, texted the others, “I didn’t declare any benefit from any training or conferences I attended from FJP on my personal financial statement. Did ya’ll do the same? And if so, any legal reasoning.” A judge later found evidence of “gross incompetence” by Gonzalez, who declined to prosecute nearly three-quarters of cases and has the words “Not Guilty” tattooed on his chest.
After getting far-left prosecutors elected, Soros leverages them to push higher-level officials to enact progressive priorities like limiting cash bail, forcing police to undergo diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) training, and giving prosecutors more “discretionary powers,” MRC said.
The Soros network also helps staff progressive prosecutors’ offices by identifying third-year law students and placing them in jobs. Soros prosecutors’ offices have been wracked by incompetence after career prosecutors are mistreated or quit out of frustration with new progressive leadership.
Even in deep-blue areas, some Americans have come to regret choosing far-left prosecutors.
“From 2022 to 2024, at least 13 Soros prosecutors lost or gave up their offices as they were held to account for long records of negligence, bad choices and radicalism. At least five were defeated at the ballot box. Three were removed or suspended from office for publicly committing to not do their jobs. Five resigned while under investigation, and one is battling her criminal conviction. Another prosecutor agreed not to run for reelection after several scandals,” the MRC report notes.
Loudoun County, Virginia attorney Buta Biberaj defeated a Republican by 1 percent after Soros spent $800,000 in “independent expenditures” on her race. Typical total spending for the race was only $150,000.
Biberaj later tried to jail the father of a rape victim who threatened to expose Loudoun County Schools for covering up his daughter’s rape by a male student allowed to use the girls’ bathroom because he identified as transgender.
As experienced career prosecutors quit, Biberaj said FJP director Miriam Krinsky, was “the backbone to a lot of what we have done in our office.”
Biberaj lost her race to a Republican this year.
Several states have moved to amend laws to make it easier to remove rogue prosecutors from office. The MRC in its report says that  “governors and state attorneys general should remove law-breaking prosecutors,” and that “where appropriate, AGs should also bring RICO-like charges against the Soros machine and his prosecutors.”
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
