Headline:
 Don’t Buy The Hype: Kamala Has BIG Problems 

Article Text:
 
In the polling today, in the 2024 presidential race between Kamala Harris and Donald Trump, Harris now has the advantage in most of the polls.
But the bottom line is that this remains a very, very close election. In the state level polling, most of the major swing states are within a margin of error in the Real Clear Politics polling average.
That’s bad news for Harris because she has had the best three and a half weeks of any candidate in American history — an amazing three weeks.
In the polling today, in the 2024 presidential race between Kamala Harris and Donald Trump, Harris now has the advantage in most of the polls.
But the bottom line is that this remains a very, very close election. In the state level polling, most of the major swing states are within a margin of error in the Real Clear Politics polling average.
That’s bad news for Harris because she has had the best three and a half weeks of any candidate in American history — an amazing three weeks.
She took her boss and dumped his body on the side of the road, then took his spot. There have been 26 consecutive days — virtually a whole month — of no questions from journalists after the most controversial political move in the history of modern American politics, ousting the sitting nominee, who had gotten every single primary vote while she received zero. Everyone went their merry way while she proceeded to spell out zero serious policy proposals.
And yet…
And yet, she is not soaring to a 10-point lead.
This raises the question, will there be a Trump bounce-back? Will this sugar-high for Harris wear off, or will the media be able to pump life into this inflatable doll of a candidate all the way up into the election?
Politico has a rundown on some of the numbers, and they show a few reasons for serious concern for the Harris campaign.
The first reason for concern: On June 27, before she had finished dumping her boss, her favorability rating was 39%. Today, according to the Real Clear Politics polling average, she’s at 45% — not at 60%, not at 70%. But 45%.
And she has not been grazed. She has not been tarnished in any way. Not a single one of her policies has come under serious scrutiny, even when she’s stealing policies from the Trump campaign. Nobody has even dinged her yet.
But here is the big stat for Kamala Harris: On June 27, only 25% of Americans thought America was moving in the right direction. Today, 25% of Americans still think America is moving in the right direction. That is the number that should be dispositive for the election.
If you think the country is moving in the wrong direction, presumably you don’t like the leadership class, which means that Harris has to maintain the lie that she is a change in direction. She cannot say don’t change horses in the middle of the stream because everybody wants to change horses in the middle of this particular stream. She must distance herself from Joe Biden because only a quarter of Americans like the direction America is going. If she is stapled to Biden, then she’s not the one who is a change in direction.
So, her strategic moves right now are to hide and distance herself from Biden as fast as humanly possible.
The Democratic Party has made it clear they have no plans to allow this woman to talk unscripted at any point. They are not going to allow her to do it. The debate is going to be the height of it, and she is going to be protected by her Praetorian Guard at ABC News. It’s the reason why she won’t commit to three debates.
But why should she only get one debate? She’s a brand-new candidate. It’s not as though we’ve seen her debate Trump before. She’s a completely different person and candidate from the first time she ran in 2019 and 2020. So shouldn’t we get three debates? Why one?
The answer is: because she’s a coward. She’s running and screaming from anything that looks like a question.
Tickets for “Am I Racist?” are on sale NOW! Buy here for a theater near you.
The bad news for Harris is that this bubble can’t last forever. She has to come back to earth. The reality is it is still only August 15. That means we still have three months until this election. She has not been dinged. She has not been scuffed. She’s not been bruised by questions.
And she’s still not trashing Trump in the polls, which is not good news for her.
Harris campaign spokesman Michael Tyler was asked on CNN whether Harris would commit to a press conference before the end of the month. He actually laughed, then replied, “We will commit to directly engage with the voters that are actually going to decide this election. … We are running a campaign that is built to communicate with the voters that are actually going to decide the pathway to 270 electoral votes. We are confident in the plan that we have in place, and we’re going to execute on that plan.”
What he means by “we are confident in the plan” is that she is not going to answer any questions. None. She will not be out in public answering questions. Hide her. Stow her. Make sure she never says anything.
Because here’s the truth: Kamala Harris is not smart. The truth is, the minute you get her off the teleprompter, she is a mess of a human being. She’s like every other actor in Hollywood, great when the camera is on and the lines are being provided, but the minute it’s improv time, they are in serious, serious trouble.
There are two problems coming for her at the convention: Joe Biden, and the fact that a huge part of her base loves Hamas.
Biden is a problem because he’s still lingering around the edges. He’s still hanging around whining about the fact that he was forced to drop out of the race by his own insiders, that he was stabbed in the back by Brutus and company.
Biden’s policies are very unpopular, which means Harris has to disassociate from him. But if you’re Biden, you don’t want Harris disassociating from you. Rather, you want Harris to win off your back. You want Harris to win, but you want to be seen as the reason she won, not the reason she lost. You want to be seen as the person who stepped aside and handed her the keys to the kingdom, as though it was your generosity and the magic of your successful policies that allowed for the first black woman president.
So this thing is just going to percolate and sit in the middle of the room at the Democratic National Convention — and it’s going to be awkward.
Thus, the media are trying to help Harris out by actively shooting holes in Biden. After years of not reporting on Hunter Biden, they’re going to report on Hunter Biden because now it’s time. Since Biden’s not the candidate and they need to get him and the stink of defeat away from Harris as fast as possible, they’re perfectly willing to open up their guns on Hunter Biden.
They need Joe Biden shuttled off to the side. They need something that implicates Joe but does not implicate Kamala. So it can’t be the Biden-Harris policies. It can’t be the failures of the administration. So over the next few weeks, there will be stories about Biden, corruption in the Biden family, more reasons why Biden couldn’t be the presidential nominee, and why Harris is so wildly different from Biden.
Second, major non-governmental organizations which hate Israel and hate Jews are going to be sponsoring massive marches on the DNC throughout the convention. Many of those groups have connections with terrorism.
There are incipient problems for Harris.
Don’t buy the hype.
* * *
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
