Headline:
 Trump: ‘We’re Gonna Have An Iron Dome’ Like Israel 

Article Text:
 
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said the United States should have its own Iron Dome system, similar to what Israel has, to defend against incoming missiles.
Trump made the remarks on Monday night during a conversation with X owner Elon Musk on X Spaces while talking about some of the top threats facing the U.S. and the world.
During the conversation, Trump said that the possibility of a nuclear war was a much more serious threat to the future of humanity than climate change — a claim often regurgitated by Democrats and the media.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said the United States should have its own Iron Dome system, similar to what Israel has, to defend against incoming missiles.
Trump made the remarks on Monday night during a conversation with X owner Elon Musk on X Spaces while talking about some of the top threats facing the U.S. and the world.
During the conversation, Trump said that the possibility of a nuclear war was a much more serious threat to the future of humanity than climate change — a claim often regurgitated by Democrats and the media.
“I think people underrate the risk of World War III,” Musk said. “When looking at the risk of global thermonuclear warfare, it’s game over for humanity. And you know, it’s something that people have I think, after the end of the Cold War, people have become complacent about, but they actually have forgotten that there are currently a lot of nuclear missiles that are targeting parameters for the United States.”
WATCH THE TRAILER FOR ‘AM I RACIST?’ — A MATT WALSH COMEDY ON DEI
Trump responded that he agreed with Musk, saying, “One hundred percent.”
“And one of the things that we’re going to do is we’re going to build an Iron Dome over us,” Trump said. “You know, Israel has it. We’re going to have the best Iron Dome in the world. We need it, and we’re going to make it all in the United States. But we’re going to have, we’re going to have protection, because it just takes one maniac to, you know, start something. We’re gonna have protection.”
“Why shouldn’t we have an Iron Dome? Israel has one,” he added. “Some other places have one that nobody even knows about, frankly. But Israel has it. We’re gonna have an Iron Dome.”
PRESIDENT TRUMP: “We’re going to build an Iron Dome. Israel has it. We’re going to have the best Iron Dome in the world. We need it and we’re going to make it all in the United States. We’re going to have protection.”#TrumpOnX pic.twitter.com/zGPGJCdqw9
— Trump War Room (@TrumpWarRoom) August 13, 2024
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
