Headline:
 Willie Brown 

Article Text:
 Kamala Harris, once the girlfriend of Willie Brown, was asked if she was Brown’s daughter in a recently unearthed video from 1995.
Gov. Gavin Newsom (D) endorsed fellowVice President Kamala Harris, a fellow Californian, for president on Sunday, following the withdrawal of President Joe Biden earlier in the day.
California Governor Gavin Newsom could appoint himself U.S. Senator to replace Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA) if she and Joe Biden are certified as the winners of the November presidential election, as she takes up her new role as vice president.
During an interview with “America First” host Sebastian Gorka that aired on Monday, Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-FL) reacted to a claim made by Democratic vice-presidential nominee Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA) of being from “outside the system” in an audio clip Gorka highlighted on the program.
Former San Francisco mayor and California State Assembly speaker Willie Brown wrote Saturday that Democrats should stop calling riots “demonstrations” because “burning and looting” will help re-elect President Donald Trump.
It’s now perfectly okay for a CNNLOL pundit to suggest he hopes a conservative dies.
Former San Francisco Mayor and California State Assembly Speaker Willie Brown has written that his former protégé, Kamala Harris, should decline to be former Vice President Joe Biden’s running mate if she is given the opportunity.
An article in the Intercept last week reported that a Wikipedia editor was scrubbing the page of former Democratic Presidential candidate Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA), considered a prominent member of the shortlist to be Joe Biden’s Vice Presidental pick. The piece mentioned changes such as removing a past campaign finance scandal and Harris’ record as a hard-line prosecutor. Changes not mentioned include removals of the alleged role nepotism played in her early political career and significant favorable additions about Harris.
Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA), former 2020 presidential candidate, rose to power in California politics by having an affair with former California Assembly Speaker Willie Brown, according to Peter Schweizer, Government Accountability Institute (GAI) president and Breitbart News senior contributor.
National Republican Congressional Committee (NRCC) Chairman Tom Emmer (R-MN) said Saturday that the Democrats’ impeachment inquiry “is going to cost them their” House “majority” in the 2020 congressional elections.
Freshman Rep. Jared Golden (D-ME) said Sunday that Democrats could move forward with their impeachment inquiry against President Donald Trump without pulling the “country apart.”
Former mayor of San Francisco, California, Willie Brown wrote an op-ed on Saturday claiming that “no one” thinks 20 Senate Republicans will vote to impeach President Donald Trump.
Former San Francisco mayor and California State Assembly speaker Willie Brown has declared that only Hillary Clinton can defeat President Donald Trump in 2020 — and that the current candidates left him with “depression.”
Former California State Assembly speaker and San Francisco mayor Willie Brown has declared, in the wake of the first Democratic Party presidential primary debate, that there is still no candidate who can beat President Donald Trump — including his former girlfriend, Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA).
Former San Francisco mayor and California State Assembly speaker Willie Brown threw shade at his ex-girlfriend, Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA), and the other contenders for the Democratic Party’s presidential nomination in 2020, writing Saturday that none of them can beat President Donald Trump.
Former San Francisco mayor and California State Assembly speaker Willie Brown confirmed Saturday that he had dated Democratic presidential hopeful Kamala Harris and appointed her to two state jobs — and dismissed the fuss.
Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA) declared Monday that she will run for President. She is already drawing comparisons to Barack Obama, who once praised her good looks. Here are seven other key facts about her.
Former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown argued on Tuesday evening that Democrats should seriously consider nominating California Governor Jerry Brown in 2020 to challenge President Donald Trump.
San Francisco’s former Mayor has some advice for young progressives: President Donald Trump is popular, so come up with a better agenda instead of just sneering at him.
Former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown suggested that Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA) cares more about leading the 2020 resistance movement than so-called Dreamers.
Former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown thinks House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) could be in some trouble if she turns down a potential deal to give a pathway to citizenship to Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) recipients and other so-called Dreamers because of her opposition to the border wall.
U.S. Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA) is the “inevitable” Democratic Party nominee for President of the United States in 2020, according to U.S. News & World Report senior politics writer David Catanese, citing political oddsmakers.
Former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown wondered if California Governor Jerry Brown is making plans to run for president in 2020.
Former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown believes House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) played right into President Donald Trump’s hands when she called for the removal of Confederate statues in Congress, which is an issue she apparently was not concerned about when she was Speaker and Democrats controlled all three branches of government.
Former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown suggested that the Republican foreign policy establishment may want to see President Donald Trump impeached after dining with two of its most prominent members.
Former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown thinks California Governor Jerry Brown should run to be San Francisco’s next mayor.
Former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown has a message for his fellow Democrats—President Donald Trump is winning and trouncing Democrats on a wide range of issues.
On Tuesday, two prominent California journalists threw some cold water on all of the 2020 presidential buzz Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA) has been receiving, shredding Harris for her being “narcissistic” and “shallow.”
Frustrated Democrats who want to replace House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi have an urgent problem: there is no alternative.
Former San Francisco mayor Willie Brown has offered an odd defense of Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA), whose habit of interrupting Cabinet members during Senate hearings — and being rebuked by the chair — has made her a heroine on the left.
Former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown warned Democrats that pushing for President Donald Trump’s impeachment could backfire.
Kamala Harris, California’s freshman senator and former state attorney general, has been quite the newsmaker in her short five months on Capitol Hill.
Willie Brown, the first African-American mayor of San Francisco, has used his latest San Francisco Chronicle column to condemn liberal intolerance at the University of California, Berkeley towards conservative speakers as the reversal of that campus’s free speech legacy.
The former California Attorney General often compared to outgoing President Barack Obama was sworn in on Tuesday as California’s newest — as well as first black and first Asian — U.S. Senator, as Democrats grasp for the future of their party.
San Francisco 49ers quarterback failed to show up on Sunday morning at the Third Baptist Church in San Francisco, where he was to have spoken to congregants to explain his ongoing refusal to stand for the national anthem at football games.
On Saturday, former San Francisco mayor Willie Brown, weighing in on the University of Missouri (“Mizzou”) brouhaha that led to the resignation of university president Tim Wolfe, wrote in the San Francisco Chronicle that the events were “absolutely awesome” for civil rights.
SAN FRANCISCO, California — Former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown is not one to mince words. In an interview with Breitbart News at the Commonwealth Club this week, he discussed the 2016 presidential races and said that Gov. Jerry Brown is, in his view, the “best potential Democratic nominee” for president.
On Saturday, former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown, who warned in the San Francisco Chronicle on March 6 that Hilary Clinton’s early announcement of her 2016 presidential candidacy invited danger, posted another article in which he noted that his warnings
Hillary Rodham Clinton announced her 2016 presidential candidacy just over one week ago, and as the likely frontrunner for the Democratic ticket so far, speculation as to whom she might select as her vice presidential running mate has been on the rise. Former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown, Jr. has suggested California’s longest-serving Governor, Jerry Brown–a potential candidate in his own right, according to NBC News’s Chuck Todd, host of Meet the Press.




Copyright © 2025 Breitbart
