Headline:
 CNN Admits Tim Walz Campaign Lied About His Drunk Driving Arrest Numerous Times 

Article Text:
 "None of that was true."
A report from CNN acknowledges that Kamala Harris’ VP-pick Gov. Tim Walz (D-MN) repeatedly lied about his 1995 drunk driving arrest during his run for Congress.
Walz was pulled over by a Nebraska trooper for going 96 mph in a 55 mph speed zone on September 23, 1995. After the officer smelled alcohol on Walz’s breath, Walz took a field sobriety test and a blood-alcohol test — and failed both. Walz spent the night behind bars and later admitted that he was driving drunk, court records show.
While running for Congress, however, Walz’s campaign repeatedly claimed that the Democrat had not been drinking, but was pulled over and failed the field sobriety test because of alleged hearing loss he suffered from his time serving in the National Guard.
Tickets for “Am I Racist?” are on sale NOW! Buy here for a theater near you.
As the CNN report put it, “None of that was true.”
The report chronicled the lies from the campaign, which was echoed in numerous media reports. A local newspaper called the New Elm Journal, for example, reported the following:
According to Walz’s campaign staff, Walz denies being drunk the night of the incident. Walz was hard of hearing, a result of his years as an artillery soldier in the Army National Guard, and had trouble hearing the trooper, according to Meredith Salsbery, communications director for the Walz campaign.
Salsbery, Walz’s then-communications director, further told the paper that Walz “couldn’t understand what the trooper was telling him during the field sobriety test, and the trooper refused to speak up.”
WATCH THE TRAILER FOR ‘AM I RACIST?’ — A MATT WALSH COMEDY ON DEI
‘The DUI charges were dropped for a reason,” she continued, referring to Walz’s plea deal. “The judge would not have dismissed them if there were anything to them. Tim drove to the police station that night (after being stopped), and he drove home afterwards. I don’t think the trooper would have allowed that if he thought there was a problem.”
The same lies were told to the Post Bulletin, another local paper:
Walz’s campaign manager Kerry Greeley didn’t dispute that Walz was speeding when he was pulled over that night, but she said Walz was not drunk. She attributed the misunderstanding to Walz’s deafness, a condition resulting from his years of serving as an artillerist in the Army National Guard.
“He couldn’t understand what the officer was saying to him,” Greeley said.
She said deaf people also can have balance issues. The judge eventually threw out the DUI charges against Walz and chastised the officer for not realizing that Walz was deaf, Greeley said.
Greenley also told the Star Tribune that Walz “was caught speeding, he doesn’t deny it and that’s the end of it.”
Examining the Harris campaign’s framing of Walz as an all-American dad with roots in the heartland, Daily Wire Editor Emeritus Ben Shapiro recently noted Walz’s lies concerning the drunk driving arrest.
“Arrested for DUI while teacher and assistant coach, abandoning his unit in the guard: none of the ‘dad persona’ really sticks when revealed,” Shapiro says in the latest episode of “Scamala: Kamala Harris Unmasked.” Instead, Walz is a “wild progressive, a radical, and a liar” with bizarre ties to China, a history of military embellishment, and a record of radical racial and gender policies.
Related: ‘Walz Of Shame’: Ben Shapiro Exposes Kamala’s VP Pick In Latest Episode Of ‘Scamala’ Series
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
