Headline:
 Kamala Harris Tells Young Football Players: You Can Be ‘Undefeated Even If You Don’t Win Every Game’ 

Article Text:
 Democrat presidential nominee Kamala Harris told a group of young football players on Sunday that they can be “undefeated” even if they don’t win every game on their schedule.
Harris made the remarks while speaking to players at Aliquippa Junior/Senior High School in Pennsylvania about being a role model.
“It’s not easy being a role model. Welcome to the role model club,” she said, noting that the player’s families and communities were watching them to see how they act.
“And, by doing that, and all that that requires, which is the hard work, the practice, working as a team, knowing that you will be undefeated even if you don’t win every game, but no circumstance or event or moment will defeat your spirit and your fight, and your preparedness to win and excel, that nothing will dampen your spirit of excellence,” she said. “That’s what I’m counting on from each of you. And, that’s what makes our nation strong.”
WATCH:
Kamala “Cringe” Harris tells a Pennsylvania football team: “You will be undefeated even if you don’t win every game” pic.twitter.com/tmBlsBW660
— Trump War Room (@TrumpWarRoom) August 18, 2024
Senior Trump Campaign official Tim Murtaugh responded to the clip: “Among the first unscripted moments Harris is permitted to have results in her spewing a bunch of nonsense at high school football players who, unlike her, probably know what the word undefeated means.”
Attending the event with Harris was her vice presidential running mate, Minnesota Governor Tim Walz, who used to be a football coach.
Jason Miller, a senior adviser to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, responded to the clip: “I wonder what these football players would think about tampons in boys’ bathrooms.”
Miller’s comment referenced a bill that was signed into law that forces schools in the state to provide tampons “to all menstruating students,” including transgender students.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
