Headline:
 Walz Issued Congressional Challenge Coin That Misstated His Rank 

Article Text:
 Minnesota Governor Tim Walz, now Democratic presidential nominee Kamala Harris’s running mate, issued his Congressional Challenge Coin falsely claiming he had the status of a command sergeant major when, in fact, he retired as a master sergeant.
Some members of Congress have embraced a military tradition of minting custom coins. The Congressional Challenge Coins purport to include details about their lives and the districts they represent.
Evidence of the coin was first reported by the podcast Angry Cops; it was corroborated by Daily Wire reporter Bree A Dail On X.
Hi, @Tim_Walz and @KamalaHarris—Just wondering, did you also “misprint” your rank as Command Sergeant Major on your Congressional Challenge Coin?
cc: @NBCNews https://t.co/KIILqMgj9S pic.twitter.com/fkZrb4luHv
— Bree A Dail (@breeadail) August 11, 2024

WATCH THE TRAILER FOR ‘AM I RACIST?’ — A MATT WALSH COMEDY ON DEI
Retired Sergeant Major Jason Jaskula — who has run the KIA Memorial Roadmarch to honor the memory of his fallen buddy, Staff Sergeant Christopher Dill, killed in during Operation Iraqi Freedom on April 4, 2005, in Diyala, Iraq — was asked by Angry Cops what he thought of  Walz’s Congressional Challenge Coin. He responded:
I think it is unethical. He was a conditionally appointed sergeant major but never earned the rank and literally no one would understand that except for a few military members and/or sergeant majors. … It’s like a private and basic training that becomes the platoon leader, and he gets to wear sergeant’s stripes on his shoulders, but then he goes home and shows pictures of it and then people think that he’s a sergeant. … As an actual retired sergeant major it pisses me off and minimalizes what I actually did. Feel free to use the quote as well that I spoke to sergeant majors and they all call him — never mind.
“Challenge coins serve as a symbol of membership, belonging, and camaraderie, forging a strong bond among those who possess them. Additionally, they are used to acknowledge an individual’s achievements, dedication, or exemplary service, and serve as a tangible reminder of the appreciation and respect of their peers and superiors,” Fork Union Military Academy explains.
Doug Julin — who oversaw Walz in the Minnesota National Guard as a more senior command sergeant in the 1st Battalion, 125th Field Artillery — told CNN on Thursday that Walz went behind his back to retire after he learned that their unit would be deploying to Iraq.
“Receiving a challenge coin is a great honor, as it signifies that the recipient has played a special role, making a significant impact on their peers and the organization as a whole,” Fork Union Military Academy continues. “Today, challenge coins are used across all branches of the US military, including the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, and Coast Guard. They have become an integral part of military culture and tradition, with each unit creating their unique coins featuring their insignia, motto, or other elements that represent their identity and values. … Possessing a unit’s challenge coin indicated that an individual was a trusted member of the team and shared the same values, experiences, and goals as their comrades.”
RELATED: Tim Walz Repeatedly Misconstrued His Military Service. Here Are The Examples.
Already have an account?
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
