Headline:
 The Media Are Trash 

Article Text:
 The media are such trash.
After Donald Trump appeared at the National Association of Black Journalists, walking into the fire and confronting hostile questions, CNN’s Abby Phillip put out a tweet saying, “Folks, this is why you let JOURNALISTS ask questions. The country deserves answers.”
Here’s a question for the media: Why don’t you ask Kamala Harris a question? One question.
For the last three and a half years, she has covered up her boss’s senility and continues to do so today. She is complicit in every policy of the Biden administration. Every failure is on her. She’s the vice president. She’s shifting all of her positions in real time.
Meanwhile, the media are asking Trump about the time he said something about the Central Park Five back in 1998.
You have got to be kidding me.
“Somebody must ask Trump tough questions.”
Right. No one has asked Trump anything for the past 10 years. We don’t know anything about him. He’s a mystery wrapped in enigma.
Or alternatively, you are all abdicating your job because you’re all campaign apparatchiks for Kamala Harris. You go shopping with her.
Do you remember the story from a few years back when Harris went shopping with a journalist? It’s amazing. Go back a few years, and she actually went shopping with a journalist during the 2019 campaign. And the journalist recommended what she should buy. “You should buy this amazing sequined jacket.” February 22, 2019.
It’s pathetic.
“On the campaign trail, Kamala Harris tries on a sequined jacket, and men go nuts,” the Los Angeles Times gushed. “The political reporters covering Harris’ South Carolina visit tweeted videos and photos of her as she preened in front of a mirror wearing the coat. It was a spontaneous campaign-trail moment, unexpected and a little bit playful.”
Fox News anchor Brit Hume tweeted, “This is just embarrassing. So now journalists are going shopping with Harris, helping pick out clothes and then putting out glowing tweets about it.”
James Taranto of the Wall Street Journal echoed, “This is a CBS reporter noting, without evident disapproval, that a CNN colleague is helping dress a Democratic candidate she’s supposed to be covering.”
Now Harris is getting the kind of coverage she received early in the 2019 campaign.
The media are deliberately not going to do their job. They’re going to lie; they’re going to cheat. They’re going to hide. This is what they’re going to do. They’re going to let Kamala Harris go 12 full days without answering a question, without being asked any questions at all.
None. Zero.
She’s going to get all the way through the end of next week before anyone even thinks about asking her a question.
* * *
WATCH THE TRAILER FOR ‘AM I RACIST?’ — MATT WALSH’S EXPOSÉ ON DEI
Continue reading this exclusive article and join the conversation, plus watch free videos on DW+
Already a member? Log in
Your information could be the missing piece to an important story. Submit your tip today and make a difference.
Stay up-to-date on the latestnews, podcasts, and more.
